hello
i want to talk about value value as it
pertains to business and content
creators and value as it pertains to the
advertising market industry so hopefully
this talk will provide value all right
we're going to one of our deep technical
talks so this idea spawned from the
mastermind chat uh izzo here has a
question about defining the value of
entertainment values being thrown around
as a buzz word in a field of content
creation specifically in sentences like
you need to provide value but whenever
someone tries to explain what it means
they just say it's different for
everyone to throw up their hands in the
air uh so what is value like how do we
provide value and then i'm also going to
talk about value from like a monetary
sense okay
okay so to begin um
there are a lot of different types of
value um
so in my just speaking from like an
advertising and marketing
standpoint in terms of business there's
what i would define as objective value
and then there's subjective value and
then there's brand value okay and we're
gonna talk about um each one of these
things in turn so objective value is
really easy that's the easiest one to
start with which is wise first okay so
objective value really just means what
can you sell or what can you bring home
these are the easiest things to price in
an industry because in advertising
because let's say that you know that i
can sell 100 units right so like right
now if i were to sell anything basically
that i believe in to a reasonable degree
that i could probably sell 100 of those
units and i could excel is at a price
point of like 50
right so that then you just do a really
simple 50 times 100 right and you
understand that you get um the value of
that which is in this case 5 dollars
right so
if you have five thousand dollars okay
well then you depending on your margins
right you could pay me up to
so on this we'll say you could pay me
up to
[Music]
let's say four thousand nine hundred
ninety nine dollars like uh subtract
margin okay so if your margin is fifty
percent of your sale well then you can
pay me twenty two hundred dollars right
or twenty four hundred dollars or 24.99
at the maximum and you would make no
cash but you would be roi positive and
you'd get some lifetime value out of
those users right because the the um
the objective value isn't just the
initial sale of a calculation but it's
also onboarding that user so onboarding
that user to buy something from you and
of itself has value because there's
something called a lifetime value per
customer
um which i see lvpc lifetime value per
customer and the lifetime value per
customer is just um
uh what a person on average will pay
a brand or a content creator or a
company over the life cycle of their um
entire like tenure with that company so
for example the lifetime value per
customer on like a mobile game might be
quite high like it would be north of
like 200 whereas like the lifetime value
of a customer on twitch like who knows
might be far less like somebody
subscribed so i can average of like
three to six months maybe the the price
is like 25 or something like that
okay so um objective value is actually
really easy to sell and typically if
you're going to sell this from a content
creation point of view the way i would
sell it is i would go to a brand and i
would say look i know that my
influencer can push 100 units
at a price point of 50 i'd have a case
study that shows they can do that
because i know that number so you can
pay them up to uh so then i would set
that price at five thousand dollars and
then i would add on
um
some subjective value which would be
some things like um we're gonna talk
about entertainment we're gonna talk
about um education we're gonna talk
about um
what else is there education
entertainment i mean it's kind of the
things but we're gonna talk about those
two starting and maybe i'll think of
some more things but yeah you've got
this one and you've got this one and so
i'm going to add some subjective value
on top so some just subjective value
would be something like exposure it's
another one right um
and i might say okay it's five thousand
dollars um
to
uh starting right
and then i'm gonna expect that that
brand is going to lose money on this
deal on pure roi very few brands are
going to advertise and expect a
one-to-one roi transition why is that
well because there's um a bunch of
subjective value and lifetime value and
like ua value that goes into that and
that all gets priced in and maybe that's
the topic of another video to discuss
like how that happens but it's important
to understand like objective value i
think very clearly is basically just
like what you can sell what your
business brings in every day so if you
go to like a restaurant chain for
example and you go to like a um some of
the like airport restaurants can do like
50 to 60 000 in revenue in a day right
so that would be an example of like what
the objective value of that restaurant
is now there's also people eating there
there's people that are um able to get
food before their plane and make them
happy maybe it's a healthy restaurant so
they get a healthy option in the airport
that all has subjective value which
brings us to this okay so subjective
value is the topic in mastermind chat
and um in on the patreon it has a little
bit more
um new a lot more nuance to it and
subjective value is um this is in terms
of content creation right and then in
terms of business it's literally
infinite i mean anybody can define
subjective value um
but we'll talk in terms of content
creation for uh a little bit so
the vast majority i'm going to tell you
like a really i'm going to drop a really
big one here
the vast majority of stuff in the
advertising and marketing world outside
of like cpms for like um television
the vast majority of things are just
priced arbitrarily so another way to say
that is
there's there's just no one has any idea
what anything costs it's all [ __ ]
like um the the amount of times that i
make up what a price is is
like all the time right now i have i
would say novo our agency is one of the
most advanced in terms of algorithmic
understanding of how to provide roi to
brands but this is a very subjective
like thing like like the the vast
majority of the time people are pricing
things and services especially
service-based stuff completely randomly
and they have no idea like how that
provides value um the
objective value metric i use for pricing
a product or service okay
is
a multiplier
on
the
multiplier
on the cost so that would mean like 2x
50
equals a hundred dollars in value
provided for that person
so um one of the things i use a lot is
like my consulting fee my consulting fee
is 500 an hour which is a lot of money
right but you will you will get a
thousand dollars back in value out of
that if you implement even one of the
things i mentioned in that hour you will
100 get that back and you're likely to
make tens of thousands of dollars and
i've proven that over and over again and
the consultant i do so i'm confident
charging 500 an hour because i think
people can 5x or 10x that value um as
long as i select a client that like
there's obviously somebody that comes to
me is consulting and something i i can't
do i have to decline that because i i
everything kind of starts off that value
so when people are saying like oh
provide value a lot of times objectively
you can just like you can multiply it on
cost and figure that out i do that a lot
um
okay but back to subjective value this
gets really interesting because
subjective value is something that like
i think once you understand
in the advertising and marketing world
understanding that everything is like
subjective and arbitrary is like a zen
concept like once you get that you
immediately sort of enlighten yourself
to another level of thinking because you
start to realize that like all of like
it's the matrix all of the reality is
like is like permeable based on like how
you can sell it or justify it and once
you understand that i think you become
much more powerful as like a content
creator or business person that you
could you may be priced yourself most
people um businesses and service-based
people and content creators price
themselves too low they um they aren't
aware of the value that they're worth
this is also true for like service-based
people like artists for example or
people who do emojis like price
themselves at like um 10 or 15 dollars
an emoji like this is crazy like right
um this is insane for the amount of
value that you you provide or or um
consultants that price themselves at
like fifty dollars an hour and
supposedly have like an expertise these
are these are people that they they're
not over the
they haven't defined the value to
themselves so how can they possibly
define it to their customer it's like
the old sales adage where a vacuum uh
cleaner salesman
knocks on your door and says hey you
don't want one of these right like he's
not confident in what he's selling so
you don't believe him and you like you
don't believe in the value of that
product the much more like there's this
stereotype and business of people that
overcharge for services like the guy who
charges like a thousand dollars for
consulting and provides you no value but
those people don't go anywhere like that
they get no clients and very frequently
you're gonna run much more into people
that are under charging for services
that are overcharging for services a
little bit of a tangent there but kind
of interesting on the value topic so
value and content creation comes from
different places entertainment meaning
that somebody basically just gets um
gets
i think the entertainment and i think
the most powerful uh form of
entertainment is comedy there are other
forms of this like drama for example
like drama bidding um streams like uh on
twitch like destiny come to mind where
um that they're just covering like the
more meta and drama topics and that's
like a very big source of like uh of
like viewership right but i think comedy
is the one that consistently shows up as
being the most powerful and and the most
able to attract viewership you've got um
on twitch you've got
most of the thirty thousand plus like
ten to ten thousand plus channels uh
implement a lot of improv and comedy and
uh this this extends into a greater
society where like you know you have
kevin hart selling out entire stadiums
and things like that like in in the
realm of entertainers i think comedy
takes a um
a huge seat right next to like music
right and and and some of the other like
bigger stuff um you very rarely sell it
see like poetry slams like selling out
stadiums like it can happen but like um
comedy is like very powerful so
entertainment is the subjective value of
entertainment is like does a person feel
like they've gotten something out of
that hour and that they enjoyed it right
and that's like a very emotional thing
education this is one i can talk a lot
about because um it's bee right
education means you have it's also a
form of entertainment you walk away from
this video feeling like you know more
and that you're a stronger person
because of it so educators seek to
provide entertainment in a way that
empowers the user to be a better version
of themselves um when i try to make a
video or i try to do a talk um or i
literally do anything in my life almost
to an obsessive degree that annoys my
family i will try my objective is to try
to empower someone to be a better
version of themselves um that that is my
entire um like mo like my entire mo it's
all i do is like try to be a better
version of myself whether that's
physically mentally spiritually anything
and i try to like do that to other
people as well if i can so um all that
providing value to me is is is you
walking away from this and saying you
know what i'm point zero zero zero one
percent more in the know or i can apply
this concept or like i'm motivated or
any reason like maybe i don't i don't
teach you anything but this is this like
is the motivation you need to like um up
your service charge by 50
and uh start earning twice the money
right and now now i've like accomplished
that that's like what providing value
means okay
and then there's value in forms of uh
clout ex clout like uh getting in front
of people
networking
uh it's my least favorite form of value
i i
and the one that unfortunately people
focused the most on so exposure means
like um right now if i start my stream i
can get what 1500 people probably
depends on what i'm doing but like if i
do something crazy enough and i like
really market it and get a lot of
influencers involved and stuff like that
i could probably get like you know seven
to 10k doing something crazy like some
irl thing
and um you can sell that right you can
you can provide that value to other
people like um i
most of my requests are clout based
requests and most of the requests that
uh people in that are able to provide
exposure get are exposure-based requests
when they should really be uh
education-based requests or they should
be like they should be looking for that
other kind of value exposure and cloud
is like the biggest overrated um form of
like
subjective value that there is and
exposure is also the one that we will
uh provide like i will i will weigh the
least in terms of going back to business
and advertising
i will i will weigh the least in terms
of like what i will price so let's talk
about an influencer like um pokemane
okay
so pokemane is one of the rare examples
where exposure
matters a lot when you're like selling
so when you're selling something like a
person like pokeman or you're selling
like an idea like that okay because
pokemane this is like a really big
another kind of like zen moment like
advertising moment here but like
pokemane you aren't
the value of a pokeman which she'll run
thirty thousand forty thousand fifty
thousand dollars an hour right no
problem like i know pokey maine's price
i know her exact price but i'm telling
you it's like that range
and you might say okay well how can a
brand possibly justify our roi of fifty
thousand dollars or sixty thousand
dollars or forty thousand dollars off of
an hour of a person's time no matter
what they're doing like if they're
playing a game and what you have to
realize is that at a certain level
you're buying exposure which means
you're not buying
the
influencer themselves you're buying the
time
and the clout and the clips and the
reddit posts and the community
impressions and the collaborations and
the other streamers reacting to it at
that point so top level influencers are
so powerful and they're so expensive not
because their individual time provides
that roi which is impossible right it's
because the impact of that event the the
impact of the of marketing that's with
that person
implies in of itself a cultural shift of
people regarding that brand so another
example of this let's look at like
hillary clinton's speaking fees 200 000
of speech
right um so if you want to get hillary
clinton out to talk for like an hour
it's like 200k so like where's the j
like how could you possibly justify that
roi to any corporation you can't right
there's there's no amount of sales she
could be talking about um selling
water bottles for the entire hour and
she's never going to make 200 000 back
but the cultural shift that happens from
having a clinton talk at your at your
corporation or um
and and the value of having that at your
event and being able to list her as a
speaker
implies a a sort of subjective value
that cannot be
objectively defined or another way to
say that is you cannot price that there
that like like she prices it but she
ballparked that there was no calculation
her team did on that's just what they
think they can get away with okay and
there are some speakers like tony
robbins for example has a five-person um
platinum level mastermind where he
coaches you personally so tony robbins
will coach five people personally per
year one of the things that you get is
you go out to his resort um once a year
i think or twice a year and you do like
a sit down with just him and the other
four people and you go over like
whatever your business is um whatever
your whatever you're looking for
whatever problem you're trying to solve
it could be personal could be business
whatever tony robbins charges one
million dollars a year for that on
on on retainer so you pay a million
dollars a year whether you use that
service or not his um the amount of
people that are waiting for that service
is
endless i mean like he will never not be
able to fill that to the day he dies
he'll be guaranteed to make five million
dollars a year because he can provide
that kind of value now how can that be
it's because
not is tony robbins coming into you it's
coming to you and providing objective
value of a million dollars now in his
case right when we're talking about this
value of like education
[ __ ] man tony robbins is insane i would
like to like tony has probably
single-handedly i paid 500 to like a
thousand dollars
every once in a while for like unleash
the power within ticket that has
provided me tens of thousands of dollars
of value objectively and subjectively
and that was me and like a crowd of like
three thousand people dancing around for
like a week like man it's so worth it
but i i would believe the case that tony
robbins could actually provide you a
million dollars of value to like a um a
f-500 ceo could could make more than
that with those with that kind of
decision-making like um i would pay for
that at a high level um if i was running
a corporation to that caliber so there's
an example of like objective value
that's insane but also the subjective
value of being associated as a mentee of
tony robbins of being in that circle of
making those connections right like on
and on and on i'll give you another
example because this is such an
interesting conversation about value i
love this topic
i uh subscribed to a service called surf
air it was an executive um
like like so i used to live in lake
tahoe and in lake tahoe i would fly down
to los angeles a lot when i was in
esports because i had to do business
stuff down there uh i didn't like flying
commercial at some point because i was
flying every week and it sucked so for
something like two thousand five hundred
dollars a month on retainer or something
like that like two thousand dollars a
month i paid a service that was a four
to six seat
small private plane that would fly from
truckee to los angeles to hawthorne
every week and i'd get on that plane
so the value that was provided to me
that i didn't expect there not just in
convenience and going through the
airport was that i got to sit with five
other executives who paid for that and
were thinking about things and one of
the people that i met um doing that was
the head of the spartan race um
um a guy that um i don't know if you'd
want me to name this video so i
hesitated but uh awesome dude and i
ended up taking him to madison square
garden for clg and and he was in the
front row with us while we played
phenomenal dude super interesting guy uh
did some business with him later and
like um just that kind of stuff
followed through so that gives you an
example of like subjective value of like
paying for something right that also
provided like a weird like kind of like
networking thing
so when you start to like understand all
this you start to see how there's like
kind of value in everything and that's
why in the business world i listed this
as infinite because you like
i would never have known that through
surfer are paying for that they don't
even market it they don't even know
right like
it's not even a core usb on their
product but it certainly should be it's
like look like a pain for um pain for a
jet might seem ridiculous but like man
if you meet other business professionals
on this this could be a major thing and
like you could like literally upsell
that networking as part of your product
package so
um i guess this also is really relevant
to people that are listening to this
that are building businesses or
entrepreneurs because you can think
about other ways to provide value and
upsell in those ways um
but yeah like like when i i often say
provide value and i feel like i've never
had like an objective way of describing
that uh to people so i guess i'm really
happy to like make this video because um
it's like a way to like really
explain how value works and how i think
about providing value because when you
say like when someone says oh just
provide value
that's that's a non that's like a
non-starter but if you think about it in
the context of the structure that we've
talked about in this video i think that
it adds a lot to it um
whereas like okay maybe my value is like
i truly just want somebody to walk away
from my business or my product or my
broadcast with a with a better mindset
for that day and i just want them to be
happy right um and and that's a very
powerful place to start and oftentimes
you can start with a mission like that
and not worry about monetization at all
and the um
the value will be there so uh that
happened to me with education where um i
i really have no real interest in
providing education as like a primary
job or something like that i don't want
to do it like being a full-time content
creator and being attached to those kpis
um is horrible for me so it's just a
it's sort of a mental um it's a mental
up and down that i just don't like want
to deal with
so
um i have never planned and never
hopefully will run a full-time content
business
but like part-time me sitting here
talking at the end of my work day it's 6
15 here
6 30.
and you know um i've got nothing left to
do but go play new world like okay i'm
going to give a talk about value
um
cool right like like very few
obligations in fact i'm like really
surprised that the patreon as of as of
this recording has just gone insane
right there's over 200 people there
which i could never have imagined
because people but but that's the point
that's that's the point i never set out
for that i didn't want 200 people um to
like on the patreon i think it's
phenomenal and it's it's great that
people want to provide value to what i'm
doing but my core goal here my core
mission is truly to give the people that
are listening to this some like real
educational value that i i it annoys me
that it's not anywhere else that there's
so many people that just talk about
[ __ ] and and they're like like like
the whole like like oh how do i become a
better consecutive well man you got to
provide value what the [ __ ] does that
mean right like well how do i become a
better business owner you got to provide
value the [ __ ] does that mean it annoys
me i want to make a video about what
that actually means and how you
objectively measure it like like a stat
like multiplier on cost i've never seen
anyone talk about multiplier and cost
why not it pisses me off so i make this
video because i i want that to exist in
the world and whether one person listens
to that or five billion people listen to
that it's cool with me right but my goal
at the at the core is value right my
patreon exists because i i wanted a
place to put [ __ ] where i didn't have to
have the mental anguish of like oh this
is never gonna take off on youtube like
five people are gonna watch this but
those five people are gonna get like a
ton of value out of it throw it up on
patreon and that's why it's so easy for
me to make these videos and talk for 20
minutes right um that's the point is
like when you start from that place you
start from that place of like i'm going
to provide value what that means is like
you're not about quiet you're not about
monetization you're not about all that
stuff you just want to see something in
the world maybe it's like you you want
somebody to be happy um happier or
better than they were yesterday or in my
case i just want somebody to take
something away and be better than they
were and be like damn like that was like
cool like i can do more with this i'm
inspired i'm motivated right maybe you
don't get anything from these videos you
don't care about multiplier on costs you
don't care about um like objective value
of branding and margins but you but you
are just inspired by hearing me talk
about business it fires you the [ __ ] up
and you go do something about it good
right great like well that mission
[ __ ] accomplished like that's that's
that's why we're here so i think
when someone tells you to provide value
that should be like a code word for you
to step back and say okay um
what do i want to bring to my customers
what do i want to bring to to the people
in my life and it might not be like like
real talk might not be a business thing
what do i want to bring in my
relationship whatever my family my mom
my dad what like what what do i want
what do i want to bring to them
like maybe you bring them entertainment
maybe bring comedy into your everyday
life and make people smile it's worth a
lot right and before you know it that
turns into something when you think
about being value driven first this is
what i think about these kind of
concepts and i think this is like what
actually takes you to being like a real
successful person is that you start from
here um you know money money come later
like uh it it'll be a thing um never
have to worry about it uh it's really
easy uh for for uh me to say that
because i i was in a position where i
was like man like i gotta worry about
money
um that you know we all we all start
from zero at some point right um
but you see how ephemeral and just like
dumb that entire pursuit is like once
you're once you're out of uh once you're
out of the the race like once you once
you're like watching it happen you're
like oh [ __ ] like like like if i just
start from a value position first
then i'm gonna get there and like i it's
so hard to see
that end outcome
from like like with you you're trying to
make your bills happen it just it just
it seems like every annoying rich person
telling you to like focus on something
other than like making the money but
they tell you that because it's true
they they they tell you that because
they they they got like like in the rig
vita like right like like brahman sees
through the illusion like they got
through it and they're like oh there's
nothing really here all value is just
subjectively defined like if i if i just
like like there's no pricing there's no
there's there's no prices there's
nothing like what like like everything's
just people guessing
and and
and so if i just like
really focus on
making my time worth it to somebody
then um i can set my prices to any
degree like even to the point where like
people like tony are charging millions
of dollars i'm gonna never be your goal
they just wanna make like fifty thousand
dollars a year and live your family be
happy whatever right but the point is
like when you start thinking about value
in this way i think it can like
completely shift your consciousness
okay i think i'm done talking um side
note
like the amount of support
that has come out of um
of just this patreon of this community
has been insane and i'm like i'm so
grateful for the people that are here
really
it blows me away every day makes you
really want to do these things that's
how you provide value to me and thanks
for doing that um
thanks a lot okay i'm done talking bye
enough talk
