hello I have gotten a lot of requests to
talk about LinkedIn specifically how it
can be used in a marketing sense and we
have some specific questions from the
patreon Mastermind asking about LinkedIn
that we're going to address I'm also
going to give you my general thoughts in
a couple of minutes about it caveat uh
real quick is that I have been sick with
a pretty serious infection so no webcam
and also my energy might seem a little
bit low but I am nonetheless very
passionate about this topic so LinkedIn
is something that I've done a little bit
of work on personally but done quite a
bit of work on on the agency side I'll
tell you what we've found as a marketing
agency working with it and then I'm
going to answer some of the specific
questions
that were on the Mastermind which I
think overall will give you guys a
pretty good view of the product and like
where it's at in 2023 so the the first
thing to understand about LinkedIn is
who it's for
um this may seem obvious but it's it's
for person it's for professional brands
or individual personalities who are
authorities on subjects
and I think that's it
um I've run quite a few tests on like
other things and for a while I I thought
that
there is some Effectiveness on so let's
say if you like are a a gaming person
you're making clips for like YouTube
and you're doing like let's say um
Diablo 4 is a popular game right now and
and you're doing content for Diablo 4.
um that would not work on LinkedIn I
used to think that it would
um but a person who is an authority on
games like that like Diablo 4 Path of
Exile or like arpgs would actually work
on LinkedIn so we've seen a lot of
success with LinkedIn for people who are
Authorities on things so for example
this would be very good for someone like
me because I'm an authority on marketing
and to set up my profile as an
individual that is an authority on that
is really good but if I were to just do
like individual stuff like post clips
about like my own content that I'm not
an authority on it's not as good so
doesn't mean it can't work because the
people that are going to LinkedIn are
the same people that might be interested
in those things it just means like your
targeting is not going to be as good
so that's who it's for now there's a
couple of other things too is that you
have to understand there's kind of uh
some let's talk about the ways that
marketing works on LinkedIn okay so the
first one you have is is in mail most
people know what this is that means it's
a paid way to get in somebody's meshing
box you look at the bottom right of my
screen you'll see messages where people
pay pretty frequently to get in front of
me in my direct messages and so we'll
talk about inmail there's also direct
ads
um specifically you can sponsor ads
through
um uh sponsored content so I paid per
click
um you can that there's also text ads
there's also Dynamic video ads
and there's also pop-up sponsored ads
which I'll show you a picture of they
look like this
so this was an ad that was served to
Novo today that I took a picture of for
this video and it pops up right under in
the front of your screen actually a very
powerful ad
um that uh I'll talk about in a minute
has some like pre is very effective so
this in particular is targeted towards
nerdfusion which is my business formally
in Seattle
um so it is actually very effective from
the Washington State Department of Labor
and Industry so those sponsored pop-up
ads are things that people kind of sleep
on I will get into that in a little bit
and then there's obviously the content
marketing which is just like the social
media side of LinkedIn will talk about
as well as let me see if I'm leaving
anything out
um nope I think that's it okay so we
know that it's a professional brand a
Democrat uh and demographic so um
marketing on LinkedIn works the best in
an authentic and professional
voice
so that means that like kind of like hey
friendly type of stuff that like you
would have on like Twitter where you're
like speaking to somebody almost as if
you were like on the couch with them
that doesn't work as well on LinkedIn
LinkedIn is a much more effective
platform for like authentic and
professional marketing you want to keep
all of your like tonality to that way
and so when building a LinkedIn brand
um the best brand
is individual meaning that let's say you
have the option to start a page as a CEO
of a company or
of the company itself
the CEO page will outperform almost
every time
as long as that CEO is set up posting
valuable content content marketing
um the company itself like brands on
LinkedIn the way that people see a brand
on LinkedIn is only as an opportunity to
work for that brand or have some kind of
professional relationship with that
brand thus is this is very important
very valuable piece of this video is
that most people that are going to
interact with a brand on LinkedIn are of
the like employee employer mindset they
will not like buy product from a brand
and so for this reason
let's say that you have a DTC company
that is selling something like um let's
say it's like
um
you know packaged food of some sort like
let's say like packaged noodles
I would make a page that is a person who
is like talking about working in DTC
and and that sort of thing rather than
like a brand page because everyone will
just want to work for that like the
mentality will be different so
um
like for example if I'm building a
marketing agency like Novo instead of
Novo having its own page I will just
have my page representing Novo talking
about marketing talking about things
like that and then using that as a
funnel to drive Brands to work with us
right um so so always building as an
individual on LinkedIn is better than
building uh this is actually something
I've got a lot of quite a bit data
behind and I'm very confident in saying
this I I don't think that brand pages
are great
um even if they're posting like pretty
authentic and valuable content it's just
the way that people interact with them
um is not great
uh second uh next so
um top of funnel ad sponsoring let's
talk about ads for a minute direct ads
and sponsored PPC ads
um we found that top of funnel ad
sponsoring works fine and
um
bottom funnel like direct conversions
don't work
so
if we draw a funnel here
and you look at like the way that your
funnel operates
um here at the top if you're running ads
to get people to lead in directly to
like being aware of your product and
then you have a couple of layers beneath
it it's like the worst funnel I've ever
drawn
um that's going to operate better than
if you're trying to convert people to a
direct sale
so if you're going to run sponsored ads
either run them completely through the
funnel where like this the ad is
hey do this thing and there's one step
or run them into a top funnel like email
marketing and and in that case you're
going to want to run those ads against
your actual content that's driving
towards that
especially with Twitter being the way it
is now
I'm actually not convinced that linked I
think LinkedIn actually has in the past
three to four months LinkedIn has moved
up quite a few notches for professional
content creators
uh people that are trying to be an
authority on something over Twitter
where where I still think that Twitter
is a incredible resource to drive people
towards like email
and uh like email conversions but I
actually think that
LinkedIn
could be quite a bit better for a lot of
them now
probably like like over 50 percent of
them would be better on LinkedIn
you would run ads 50 and then you'd run
um your content and you'd see what
converts better but both should be
pretty effective
um so anything that brings people like
mid funnel
and like so if you want to like Point
them to like a sales page where they're
then expected to buy but they have no
trust in you LinkedIn ads will not work
as well as PPC on other platforms like
Google ads and such
okay let's talk about inmail
so we've done quite a few inmail
campaigns
um I think this is where most marketers
get like really tripped up because many
people report that inmail is not
effective the inmail is effective but
has to be specifically targeted very
well targeted so you need to be very
good at marketing to make inmail work
and for that reason most people probably
should just just should not bother
um you need to be able to Target people
very effectively on who you end mail so
how do you do that so let's target
targeting on LinkedIn
we have found success with two products
the first one is called sales Navigator
sales Navigator is a resource that
basically pings LinkedIn for data and
finds information so like for example if
you wanted to find every Chief marketing
officer of like an agency like mine a
sales Navigator would give you that data
as well as pretty reliably give you
their emails
um to be able to do that and there's
another thing called meet Leonard who
which you can use to Target and I'd
recommend both people check out those
products that like both products you
check out if you're interested in Target
on LinkedIn the idea here would to be to
like build a list
um of let's say like 100 to 200 high
quality leads with emails and reach out
to them with a in mail campaign that's
very specifically targeted with an ask
so like for example for Novo I might
reach out to the to the brand leaders of
like uh you know like maybe like a VP or
like a marketing person at a brand and
say hey like
um we're an agency that does influencer
marketing for brands at a high level
like um and I provide specific the case
studies I'd probably do my research and
look at the data I'm in a frame of mind
these days from a sales perspective
where I feel like high authenticity long
form touch is the best form of sales
where like by which I mean like the
emails I'm writing these days the
Outreach I'm doing to like brands for
sales I'm doing like one to two emails a
day and I'm like including graphs I'm
I'm like I'm including like competitive
analysis like I'm really spending a lot
of time personalizing that email no and
I feel like the marketing world is going
like the opposite direction if the
marketing world is going to like just
like volume volume
and where I'm at these days is like
really high quality leads who are
directly the people that are going to
solve for my problem and have the
problems that I can solve for and then
direct Outreach that's where inmail like
really works so like I would like a lot
of people think that inmail is like a
resource where it's like okay I'm gonna
blast like 100 to 200 of these a month
and like I might do 100 to 200 total in
my entire marketing campaign over the
course of like six months where I'm just
like trying to write one or two very
high quality in males with like data and
like backup and resources and like
targeted case studies to the people that
I I know are going to be
um potential clients now that only works
at like a pretty high price point your
product has to be worth quite a bit for
you to make that well worth it right so
so that those are some of the targeting
that we use for LinkedIn
let me see um as far as posts the most
effective posts uh use linkedin's uh
slideshow uh you can you can mess with
this it's really cool it shows like um
like little slides of like data and you
can put like graphs on it and things
like that pictures obviously so same as
every other platform but those are the
two things that we've seen work the best
for posts and then long form valuable
content
um so almost like blog hey imagine like
blog Authority type stuff education
there's a lot of like hustle culture
stuff on here that works really well but
pretty much if you're an authority on
anything so there's a lot of AI people
that are I I'd actually say like AI is a
really interesting one because there's a
lot of people
who are
trying to build an AI brand on Twitter
right now and I would actually I would
actually like if I was like trying to
build an AI funnel like I would actually
build it on LinkedIn over I think
there's a lot more people there's a lot
less people doing it there but it's a
lot more effective to post like
long-form viable content like okay
here's like the top AI apps that I found
this week or here are the biggest change
you need to know could like very easily
convert into a newsletter and the way
that you have to think of LinkedIn as a
search engine system so I use hashtags
in my profiles hashtag marketing
advertising things like that
um because there's a lot less creators
than there are consumers
you are generally going to get quite a
quite quite more um you'll be very
surprised by the number of views you're
getting sorry my my brain here today
most of your posts will outperform any
other platform you've ever done them on
um so for anyone that has like any kind
of authority content
you should absolutely be doing LinkedIn
if I wanted to increase the volume of
sales to Novo
um this is where I would do it I I don't
do it it's gonna say well why not and
it's just because I I actually just like
uh like Noah's crushing it and we're
doing so like bringing on like maybe
like four or five clients a year
so I don't need to do any marketing
really on on that side of the business
um or I would be doing it here unless
it's like really high touch stuff that I
was talking about before
so um in general another thing on
LinkedIn that you really want to focus
on uh I actually should have led with
this because it's very important if
you're a personal page
um just focus on getting to 500 plus
connections as fast as possible
um it gives a lot of validity to on
LinkedIn side to you and it expands your
options for as you're posting uh if
you're a brand page you need to do all
the work and I believe I have some
patreon content on this on the profile
section
add in the best thing you can do if
you're an individual page so add in
stuff like articles that you've written
which adds like quite a bit of authority
to you and you'll get quite a few
followers passively for that as well
um make sure that you have your work
history completely built out as well as
like why you're here all the references
to your um to your page there's an
option here you can you can see
um there's a there's an option here
where you can see
how people see your page having a few
videos here basically like if you're an
authority on something you want to do as
much as you can to build out that
Authority and having articles on on the
front of your page that people can
follow and stuff like that is very good
so long form written content that's
highly valuable and then um videos as
well make sure that like your um your
page is like really well built out
okay
uh so let's see
if you're doing any kind of like post
marketing
um you're always going to want to do
like softs versus hard sales So Soft
being like hard sales like don't work as
well as LinkedIn we've talked a little
bit about this so like just saying hey
buy my thing it's not gonna work as well
as like hey I want to connect with you I
want a network to learn more things like
that so um longer tail sales where like
maybe you're working on somebody that
might have like a very high budget or
something for a long time
is better here
okay
um let's go to the stuff on
Mastermind uh this is from Bailey who
asked some specific questions that about
LinkedIn I've got like a million
messages so just one sec why bring this
over
and I tell Windows to not make it a
window
okay
so Bailey says
uh has anyone figured out how to min max
LinkedIn yet the main push at work has
been trying to meet clients face to face
get one or two potential clients uh
although I do think that meeting people
in person is always good should I just
use those two three hours on several
LinkedIn posts that could net me some
more returns so yeah a high quality
Outreach using things like sales
navigator that I mentioned before is
going to work with this strategy way
better than like going to meet people I
think that time is dead personally this
is a this is a hot take but I think like
the previous form of marketing and sales
has been like going to conventions or
like Rising people by like taking them
out and going out to dinner and stuff
like that like there's a time and place
for that particularly for like high
value stuff but I just am way more a fan
of like not getting coveted not getting
sick for two weeks like at every
convention not going through all that
where I just waste my time I've I've
been to so many conventions now I mean
like you know 200 plus no problem
most people are just getting drunk all
day and like the likelihood that you're
going to make a valuable impression on
them that's going to result in a sales
like almost zero so I I'm just a bit
here but like while they're at work and
you can reach out to them and solve this
particular problem that they have and
show that you've done the data I think
it's much more effective so using a tool
like sales navigator that we have in our
notes um for this LinkedIn video
as well as like reaching out directly
with like high high value Personal Touch
I think is like way more effective than
like the one two meeting strategy
particularly where you have like a
limited clientele
um I've got some questions does it make
sense for the brand account to make the
post or should the post be coming from
Individual employees so we talked about
that the post should be coming from
Individual employees so it's like much
better to have the CEO page versus like
the individual page the brand account is
like unless you're hiring people like
it's not going to be that effective I
think I'd argue there's like even better
places to like hire
um like upwork and stuff and things like
that given that I have five high quality
posts ready to go I plan to reach up
next month does it make more sense to
have five different PMS make the post
over that time period if you have one
person make all the posts 100 and this
is the answer for all marketing you
absolutely want to have one page post
those
um five is not a lot you want your trust
and authenticity to go up as one page
right basically like that's like saying
like compare that to like okay I have
five high quality YouTube videos should
I post five videos across five YouTube
accounts or should I post all five on
the same account well you should
obviously post them on the same account
right it's the same there's not a single
platform that's not true for you never
want to diversify fight on the same
platform you always want to post as much
as possible on your platform and build
trust and authenticity on that
individual page and that individual page
is going to be better than
um
it then like a branded page like a
company page
I feel like every time that I read
LinkedIn posts they get relatively large
they have weird tone to them yeah the
weird tone is the professional
authenticity right like they sound more
like you're at work because that's like
what LinkedIn is about so there's just
like an authority
and a sort of professionalism that
doesn't exist on other platforms and and
uh if you're trying to sound like too
casual or you're trying to sound too
um friendly that might be a problem
because LinkedIn works the best as like
you're not
you're not trying to entertain people
really you're trying to get them like
something valuable or you're using
LinkedIn as more of like a funnel to
like transfer good data or good
information
um or cool stuff to people and people
will follow you because you're a
resource of that versus like on Twitter
you might be like more entertaining or
more funny or whatever you might have
more of like a personal touch well one
of the one of the successful posts on
LinkedIn are just like cool facts that
make people more effective
um and that's why I like personal
development content and stuff like that
works so well on the platform
so I would consider changing that uh if
that's if that's been your brand voice
okay I think that's all I want to talk
about is sort of a general overview of
LinkedIn I'm happy to answer other
questions about it and particularly like
masterminds that have questions or
follow-ups to this can um Reach Out
directly to me thanks everybody and
sorry for the low energy I'll see you
next time
