hello this is part two of a three video
series on lead generation finding more
clients for your business this is called
research this video presupposes that you
watched video number one which is how to
find your leads make sure you watch that
it's somewhere on the patreon if you
have access to this video you have
access to that video this video is about
research and we're gonna go over the for
the three reasons why I think this video
is super important and what it is going
to accomplish or or why you're doing it
so why research it all we're going to
start there
the first reason is because we are
looking to communicate with high value
to our customers
or clients
or employers
the set the second reason is we are
trying to understand our own industry
and space better and number three is we
are trying to get employed or promoted
at a higher level in a company we work
for
and this video is going to address all
of that in the context of lead
generation so going Point by point we
are looking to communicate with high
value to our customers clients employers
meaning that we want to understand more
about what's going on at a high level of
business most people in their life are
just thinking about their work at a very
surface level and more importantly most
leaders are expecting other people to
look at their business at a low level if
you start to demonstrate that you can
think about business at a high level you
attract not only higher quality clients
but you also attract the attention of
Executives VPS CEOs that are also
wrestling with those problems the vast
majority of people in life don't want to
tackle difficult issues they want to
handle easy things and they kind of want
to be told what to do and then they want
to move on
you are looking to try to understand
high value issues so that you can in
exchange be a more high value person
that's willing to tackle those issues in
those dragons you tend to get more
respect in the circles at the kind of
top of the pyramid I would say where
people are trying to solve The World's
Hardest problems if you yourself are
informed and interested in those
problems and can contribute to their
Solutions so that's number one number
two is we're trying to understand our
own industry and space better meaning
that let's say we're in the gaming
industry or let's say that we're in the
procurement industry for some sort of
supply chain doesn't matter we're
researching information because we want
to understand that space better how it
works the problems that are in that
space some of the potential solutions
that could appear and that's the other
reason we're trying to to research and
number three which might seem like a
more esoteric reason we're trying to get
employed or promoted at a higher level
in a company we work for meaning that
again if you go back to what I was
talking about with number one which is
as you communicate at a higher level
people tend to notice you the there's
exception that I want to attack real
quick the idea in a lot of these uh like
work culture now is that executives are
like just grinding employees to the Bone
and VPS and marketing people don't care
about you like if big corporate doesn't
care about you and they're just looking
to to maximize profits the reality is
that most of these high-level executives
are solving difficult problems every day
and any one of them will tell you as I
talk to hundreds and hundreds and
hundreds of these people thousands of
these people over the course of my
career any one of them will tell you
ubiquitously that they are always on the
lookout for people that are sharp and
talent that they can mentor up and that
they can join these positions because
good Executives unders there are bad
Executives but they're few and far
between compared to people at like a
really high level that are trying to
solve these problems good good
Executives understand that if you Mentor
a person up to your level that elevates
you to the next step of wherever you're
going to go it doesn't like threaten you
so you have to get out of that victim
mindset that everything is like try
trying to hold you down and if you think
that way you won't actually ever attempt
to approach the high value issues that
we're going to be talking about today
and thus you'll just fulfill your own
prophecy of of being a low level and and
thusly a low paid and low respected
person so you have to believe in sort of
the inherent goodness uh and desire for
people to to move up especially in
highly actualized Fields so that's the
three reasons why we're doing research
and once you understand that we can kind
of get into sort of the objective stuff
that we're going to be talking about
today which I'm intending this series of
videos to be extremely objective
basically exactly what you need to do to
research companies so let's start with
um a some resources and this is for
non-public companies so these are
companies that are not listed on any
exchange and they don't have any um like
footprint on the stock market which
you'll see in a minute it actually ends
up being much easier to research public
companies
uh we're gonna post some resources
you can either copy them here or you can
go into my Discord discord.gg Devon uh
in the channel Devon's notepad and
they'll all be copied here at the time
of publishing this video these are the
websites that I will sort of search
through for Relevant news so I'm going
to be using a couple of companies an
example if you go back to video one
you'll see that we found a lead in Razer
which is a gaming Hardware peripheral
company so we're going to keep on the
track of using Razer and we're gonna uh
and you'll just see that if you go to
something like TechCrunch
and all of these uh all of these
websites I have no idea where that just
went
so I guess we just reopen it it's gone
all these websites have search functions
to which you can just search what's
going on
and you'll see
stuff that's happening
um sometimes from a long time ago and
sometimes from very recent here's one
from 2023
which it talks about their 5G Edge
gaming
and so I'll usually start going through
news sites and social media and I'll
just be looking for some of the
information this is particularly
relevant in gaming and Tech right are
these resources
but what if it's not big enough to be in
the news the company that you're
researching or the people that you're
researching on the news well then you
have these resources so I'll immediately
start with something like social media
Twitter Instagram so we're using
Hardware peripherals in this example so
I'll use something like twitter.com
Corsair and I'll just kind of look
through what they're working on right
and they'll be promoting something or
they'll have some kind of um
uh so this one like the the virtual show
XT maybe this is some kind of like new
product I might do more research on this
I'll just kind of take notes on this
I'll look at the kind of collaborations
they're doing who they're adding right
and that sort of thing and we're going
to get into
um what you're looking for specifically
at the uh at a later part of this video
so I'll just look through their social
media I'll look through their Instagram
I'll look through wherever they are I'll
also look for recent posts by directors
or leads that I found through Section
number one so this is really important
that like if I get a list of names which
if you followed number one uh the number
one video which is how to find clients
and leads you'll know how to get these
people so now that you have those people
generally those people are posting it's
really interesting high level VPS and
high level executives are generally
posting like really relevant business
stuff on social media like they're not
sometimes there there's a few that like
post particular ones that are like in a
new age like Riot games and people like
that they're posting like the margarita
that they drink
um but even that could be relevant but
like they're they're posting that kind
of Lifestyle but a lot of like
Executives of I I say serious companies
um are actually just posting stuff about
like their job and what kind of what
they do and and so you can find a lot of
information off of like a 500 Twitter
follower director of marketing Twitter
about what somebody is working on and
what they're thinking about so so this
has been really helpful to me in terms
of researching like actual direct people
and what they're thinking about and then
you can also sign up for all the
newsletters and campaigns that are
related to this company and this client
that you're going to try to work with
um likewise it goes without saying that
if this is the company that you're
working for then it's even easier
because now you can just identify let's
say like the top five decision makers in
that company follow all of them like
you'd be surprised like how a few people
even within companies do this so that
out of the probably 2 000 people that
work for Corsair or something I mean I
would eventually say that probably less
than half like two dozen actually like
follow the directors and interact with
them and talk to them and and you can
like respond to things with like your
own high level thoughts especially if
you've done some of the rest of the
research we're going to go through in
this video uh and and that might be the
only comment that that VP of marketing
has so think about this like right think
about in a normal Corporation with 2 000
employees or five thousand employees
you'll probably never even be if you're
lucky you'll be in the same elevator
once as like a high level director here
and yet these are people with like 300
to 400 Twitter followers that are
posting their thoughts on social media
you could engage directly with that
person and with a high level thought and
a well-researched thought and then you
can get with it in their door and if you
do that enough and in combination with
that you're doing a lot of the stuff
that we talk about on in these videos
like you're posting content or you're
talking about your industry like those
people are going to be like okay this is
a person that I need to pay attention to
and I'm going to contact and there's
been so many times that I've coached
people individually on this and they
have ended up in an executive office
when they probably it would have been I
mean like careers that would have taken
like 20 years to get there
um they end up in the executive office
within six months of doing this kind of
consistent work because they're just
researching along these lines they're
following these people and they're
they're tracking what they do so I
really like this kind of personal idea
we'll call this like the personal
research
um of VIPs this is a really important
thing to do okay so you you have all
this stuff and we're gonna and and then
let's talk real quick before we kind of
go into like objectives about like what
would you do if it was a public company
and this means you're kind of like
reaching out to people within a public
company to either try to work with them
this is predominantly the type of
clients that we're going for at Nova
right now so the first thing I'll
actually do is and this is actually
productive for non
uh come to think of it non
-public companies is I'll just search
Google News
Google news is like fantastic actually
so um I use this so much so if I type
Razer and I look at what's going on here
I immediately know about their new
laptop 12 hours ago from PC Gamer I
immediately know about their mechanical
keyboard sales so that's something
um I like I know that the Razer 14 is
looks like it's like in Vogue and so I
want to like think about that I know
about their Xbox stuff and I might know
about any kind of like problems or other
things that they can do you can do this
for any company in the world we can do
it for Corsair and Google News will just
basically solve the problem of research
and you can kind of figure out what
these what they're working on if you go
and I'm doing a very cursor research I
just spend about an hour per company on
this so I might go back as far as like
five or six pages which is still just
gonna be two days ago right but I'm
gonna I'm gonna try to find information
about what they're doing and Bam look
what I just found Corsair gaming to buy
drop assets this is a huge news point
and you can see that there are a bunch
of details about this I would so in the
if I wasn't making a video I would
probably we click into this I would
probably read everything about this and
I would look at this acquisition and I
bet you I could find the person who is
controlling this acquisition for Corsair
or the people on their team and it just
might so happen that I'm also trying to
contact those people for like a
particular thing so
um maybe these people need help
incorporating into the uh of course
their ecosystem maybe there's some way
that my product or my service helps
Corsair find the solution uh likewise I
could also just contact these
journalists particularly these
journalists from these like very small
websites and generally these people
never get messaged and they'll be able
to like link you up with somebody almost
like a direct warm uh Outreach so Google
news is like fantastic for public or
private companies but um for public
companies uh like and luckily Coursera
is a public company so I deliberately uh
picked it there's going to be a couple
of documents that are going to be
relevant to you um number one is the S1
the S1 is filed when a company goes
public or IPOs
and is basically kind of what the
company is and what they want to do and
then there is an S3 that's filed
periodically and the S3 discloses
information relevant to investors
S3 is a super important document because
it's basically telling investors why
they should invest in the company and
what the problems are with the company
what the channel their the Liberty
required to Echo their problems within
the company so many times I just read a
public company's S3 and I've said okay
these are some of the clear problems of
the company I can help address this
particularly like in the form like
marketing right
um and then yearly uh yearly they come
out with a 10K and quarterly they come
out with a 10q I believe yeah it's a 10q
so with Coursera for example I can
literally just go to their website
and I can go find their 10K so this is
the form 10K that they submitted in 2023
and it has all kinds of great
information it has their entire list of
governance and what they do
um what their goals are what their
relationships are
and it goes on to kind of talk about
um
basically what they are trying to do in
their market and the problems that
they're running into as well as their
strengths
growth strategy right and so from here
if you really start reading about this
so so now again
the amount of research you're going to
be able to do is going to be dependent
on how um
engaged you are with this company and
how much you want to work with them
the ultimate objective here is to build
Collective knowledge of the client so
you don't need to know like really
detailed creepy stuff about them right
you don't need to know that like this
person like and you don't want to open
with like personal stuff to like a
marketing director or something like hey
like I saw you go out for steak dinners
every Friday night I love steak too like
that's not the type of right opening
we're talking about and video number
three we'll go over like the direct
things but something that I would
message Corsair particularly a team that
was like relevant is like
congratulations the subject title might
be congratulations on your acquisition
of drop
and that's a great relevant subject
title to an email that immediately links
me up as a warm lead to that person okay
so we're only looking to understand the
business
and what's going on and again we'll have
a really important section after this
um for some of that but you can see here
that this uh I'll blow it up a little
bit for people that are watching
you can see here in the 10K that there
are so many things and so much
information in here to what exactly they
are trying to do and exactly how they're
trying to do it and you can see that
like one of their main strategies is
selectively pursuing Acquisitions such
as Elgato origin and now drop and you
can see that that is a trend in the
business so maybe you're like a
Consulting Group that is trying to help
integrate people into new companies
after mergers and Acquisitions I mean
like bam right you've got your your team
here you've got a direct thing just by
reading this S3 that you can help sell
them and a problem you can solve so you
have to so S3s are incredibly helpful
10ks are incredibly helpful so this is
10K not an S3
and it will also if it's any good I
think they're required to they'll go
through um competition and they'll go
through challenges competition is great
because it also gives you a list of
other people to talk to uh and then
there's this thing this is what I was
looking for risk factor summary which is
a pretty honest usually
list of their problems things that they
are are having trouble solving
and
um
it's like I said it's pretty honest
if the gaming industry including
streaming Esports does not grow or
expected in uh declines our business
could be seriously harmed right so it's
that's a pretty scary problem if we lose
or unable to attract and retain Key
Management our ability to compete could
be seriously harmed so maybe that's a
problem they're really worried about
and that means that like maybe you're a
person that can help increase their
retention right so there are all kinds
of things
that could help you understand how to
work with this business from public
documents and it is extremely easy to
find these they're usually listed on the
website so for example for Corsair I
literally just typed into Google Corsair
investors and I got this
and the Corsair investors has a um news
releases
and as well as a database financials of
SEC followings and quarter ways for
every single document that they send
into the SEC because these are all
public this is all stuff you can
research yourself
so this is pretty powerful and this
should give you some really good
information on
um a business whether it's public or not
but let's talk about what we're actually
looking for okay so these are the kind
so now that you know
how and where to go to kind of do these
research we're going to talk about where
you what we're actually looking for okay
so the first section I want to talk
about what we're actually looking for I
think is what I call major business
moves okay and section number one of
that is new product offerings
service launches or major updates and
I'll put in parentheses patches for
games here
so we saw that there was a new product
offering the Razer 14. maybe I'm really
interested in that there's something I
could do to work with them on that I'm
looking for like new service launches or
anything like that I'm also looking for
leadership changes particularly new
employees at an executive level
uh this is the one that has been most
successful for Novo so if we see that
someone
new in a marketing position is coming
into a company like a CMO or something
and they've been there and new can mean
like six months to a year right it
doesn't necessarily mean that they're
just joining like two weeks ago because
generally if you like contact someone
that's then been there for that's
actually bad because like if you contact
someone's been there for like two weeks
they're not even ready yet to like start
onboarding people or spend budget
they're just trying to figure out what's
going on but if someone's been in a role
for like six to eight months and they've
kind of figured it out and they're at
that position where they're sort of
trying to figure out okay what do I like
do now like I've got these problems I
need to solve but I don't like really
know like how to get to them yet this is
a critical point in time that you can
contact that person and offer your
services so I would send an email with a
subject line like welcome to Razer as
the new CMO name right and I'll and and
like that's a that's like awesome and
then like the first paragraph of that
might be something like I've worked with
right so obviously I would use my warm
connections like I was sponsored by
Razer at CLG immediately warm connection
right
um but if you don't have that you could
be like I've been using Razer products
since I was like 15 years old I've been
really like there's some way you can
create a warm lead there remember talk a
lot a lot about that in video number
three
um but the leadership stuff is is one of
the most important things if someone's
been brought on to a company and it's
kind of like a a new employee there's a
huge opportunity for you there to work
with that person likewise um any kind of
like new collaborations or Partnerships
this works for my content creators or
anything like that like content those
people hate graphs on the partnership
with these guys um hey athletic greens
graphs on the podcast with these people
right all that kind of stuff is good
also
um major Trends or regulations or Law
changes this is more relevant to public
companies so if there are any kind of
like regulations in an industry some of
you are working in some pretty uh like
strict governmental uh industries that
are that really ebb and flow based on
government regulations if something like
that changes you could say hey in
regards to this regulation change and
then this is a problem you might be able
to solve right so you can directly lead
in with that researching that kind of
stuff
um and then of course any kind of
challenges and problems especially the
ones that are relevant
to your product and service so as I make
this video I don't know what you sell
right because I'm just talking to a
camera but you know what you sell you
know the product or service you offer
you know the problem that you're trying
to solve so when you're doing all this
research and you're going through these
Instagrams you're going through these
social media websites you're going
through the news you're looking at their
S3 you should be looking for how this
relates to the challenges and problems
that you're trying to solve and as soon
as you find one you've got a warm entry
right and then uh the next one and this
is probably the second one I mentioned
that the leading leadership changes is
probably the biggest one that Novo uses
the second biggest one we use is new
funding uh this is for all companies
um there's a website called crunchbase
and we have an account here we um we
more or less kind of like live on this
website in fact really great research in
lead generation can literally just begin
at
getting paid for this which is not that
expensive and that looking at a list of
all the companies in your particular
field that have received funding this
means that like a venture capitalist or
somebody has invested in these companies
it will tell you for each one of these
companies what the company does
um who the uh investors were but if I'm
not logged in right now but it'll tell
you like who the investors were this is
even if you just don't have a trial
account right it's crazy
and the
um amount of money that was raised so
this is 28 million dollars so as soon as
I see a company has received funding I
am all over that okay and this also
works for mergers and Acquisitions so I
have a very interesting story is that
when I was uh selling CLG to mastersburg
Garden
once we completed the acquisition of the
sale and the money got transferred into
our bank account not before that
I received no less than a hundred and
ten 120 emails I think it was from every
bank and credit company you could
imagine and they were all like
congratulations Devin on the mergers and
Acquisitions what do you do with your
money now so as an as a as a Founder I
sold my company and I obviously came
into quite a bit of money and they had
been watching for that and they sent me
emails to pick me up as like say so it
was like Wells Fargo Private Client
Chase Private Client and actually I
ended up converting to Chase Private
Client which I'm with today as a result
of that lead generation for them so very
very smart to look at funding to mergers
Acquisitions for companies this is the
second most common thing I do and I and
I got that idea from what happened to
CLG so it's it's pretty it's pretty
crazy how on top of it like I mean like
JP like you think about those really big
firms like JP Morgan and like all those
guys you know the ones you agree about
on the news those are the ones that
email me like those are like those guys
were just like blowing me up from like
seven different apartments departments
for like I mean literally like six
months it was crazy
I eventually just had to go with
somebody to be like no sorry I'm with
these guys now they're like okay
uh which I guess I ended up going with
JP Morgan anyway because that isn't
chase a division of them anyway so like
um yeah so that so I I think funding is
like a really critical thing to look at
and if somebody is just came into 20
million dollars you know and again like
you want to look for That Sweet Spot of
like okay what's it's like three or four
six to eight months after funding and
they've kind of got their [ __ ] together
and they're just sort of trying to
figure out what's next and you're like
hey
um we can help solve this problem
right that you know they have the budget
for it you know they're trying to spend
that money efficiently and I guarantee
you that like when that see when that C
Level suit they get that
they get that money the first thing
they're thinking is like man how do we
distribute this how do we spend this
because most of those people haven't
dealt with that level of money before
and you can help them spend it so that's
a big one uh under challenges and
problems we're just gonna put uh major
pain points
again things that you found in the
research that you um think like really
are they're really worried about and and
again like something like a 10K can like
really help with this
for public companies but you could just
look at like what the CEO says what some
of their problems are things like that
um if you don't find anything from the
company uh customer thoughts and reviews
are really good and sometimes you can
you can have a strong enough lead just
by saying something like
um
hey like um I saw a bunch of customers
are like really ecstatic about this new
ice cream flavor that you you dropped
I'm super excited like that's my warm
lead right
um and then lastly I would say like any
kind of like deliberate
uh marketing pushes or social media
pushes
so if you see like Corsair lean hard for
the for like two weeks into a particular
narrative that might be really
interesting to contact like the relevant
people around that narrative too if you
can help them
right
okay and then finally we're gonna make a
list
and we're gonna ask ourselves the
following questions number one is what
are
the warmest ways to connect with this
company or client or employer
based on what I know now
number two is what problems can I solve
for this company client or employer
and number three is
determine the angle you're actually
going to approach once you know these
two questions okay so what are the
warmest ways you can connect now that
you have all the research that you have
gotten and ideally you've put this into
like a notion or like an Evernote and
you're just writing out all the
important things that you've learned
what's the warmest way out of that list
to connect with that person that relates
to you and the problem you're trying to
solve so is it
um telling a story about how you use
their product is it congratulating
somebody on the leadership change is it
asking for next steps because you're an
investor right
um which is often a very easy lead-in is
just you know put five dollars into the
company you're trying to contact if
they're public and then be like I'm an
investor and I have questions which
every C Level person is obligated to
answer and happy to do so right
um so what problems can you solve for
the companies number two once you've
understood like the warmest way to
connect like okay I've decided like the
warmest way to connect is probably to
talk about their new product launch
because I've used those products for
like 10 years beforehand great what
problem can I solve for them you decide
that and then you serve you decide the
angle you're physically going to write
at and this leads into video number
three which takes us to how we are
actually going to write out the um the
actual email the actual outbound
to the person of the DM or whatever and
that's the next video we're going to do
so this is research um I I'll just like
kind of close off by talking a little
bit about this concept uh now that you
have like kind of all the objective
stuff there are other resources that you
can use in other websites but I think
you have the general idea of like how to
go browse through the news how to go
through social media how to like kind of
aggregate a lot of data on these
particular companies there should be
moonshot targets that you want to work
with in your business that you're really
passionate about working with I have
kind of like dream companies that I want
to work with that I love to just like be
a huge part of uh one of those for like
the longest time was the US Army and
then we actually finally got to do stuff
with them at nerdfusion and that was how
I actually got thrown out of an airplane
by the US Special Forces like one of the
coolest events of my life where it
happened because I I had a long-term
pursuit of pursuing that client uh and
there are so many hundreds of people
within these organizations that you can
get burned out by multiple different
departments and then finally like one of
them will pay attention to you in our
case it was like Seattle local
recruiting at the US Army so you could
have a lot of like dream you should have
like three or four dream clients that
you just keep up with and again um I
want you I want you to go back we'll
just go switch screens real quick so I
can read to you the um the three reasons
why we started doing this now that you
know what you know and you've watched
this video we're trying to communicate
at a high value with customers clients
and employers we're trying to understand
our industry and space better and or
we're trying to get employed or promoted
at a higher level at the company we work
for
you should be consistently researching
the companies and clients in your space
towards these objectives so you should
always be trying to understand your
industry better and there's a reason why
I
think a lot of people think of me as a
thought leader when it comes to
marketing is because I do a ton of
research about what's happening in
social media and I and I use these
websites constantly to deliberately
understand what's happening and think
about it right in the in the in the
context of of what I do and likewise
um one of the easiest things you can do
to start like catapulting your career
forward is to do that for the business
that you are in whether it's a small
business or like a big mess or whatever
getting into this sort of inquisitive
mindset about your employer can it
catapult you it's just no one's doing it
like no one's doing it everybody's just
showing up for a paycheck so if you do
more and and your input becomes like I'm
really interested in the high level of
this business I I think not only do you
demonstrate to the people there that
you're doing that but you also yourself
start to kind of craft yourself into
that executive mindset which um we don't
talk about a lot right like the
executive mindset is really a mindset of
like being willing to engage and tackle
the hardest problems that are out there
and and um I was I was just I was just
remembering the story last night my
friend Jeremy uh what was over and we
were talking about a story I told at CLG
when I was the CEO he asked me what is
being a CEO like of like a multi-million
dollar company
and I I told him that I think it's
solving the hardest problems because
all the problems that can't be solved
end up on your desk if if they can be
solved and somebody else is solving them
at another level and the problems that
can't be solved or don't want to be
solved end up with you so that's why I
think like jobs like CEO or president
United States are probably like the
hardest jobs in existence because you're
always trying to solve essentially
problems that like maybe hundreds or
thousands of people have thought about
and they and and can't be done and so
you're like okay I've got to solve this
problem right like uh think about the
problem of like electric cars and Tesla
right like where for since the 70s
nobody's really been able to bring a
electric car to to mass Market it's
extremely difficult problem and Tesla's
like top leadership had to solve that
problem they had to like figure out okay
how do we do this
what does that look like well no one's
ever done it before and tons of people
have failed thinking about it that's
like that's executive mindset we don't
talk a lot about executive mindset and
when you think start to think like an
executive you will be surprised how many
people will start to treat you like one
where it's like no mistake with just you
shouldn't look at like VPS and
um
sea level people as like having more
experience or having something that you
can't do the difference really is the
the mindset and the kind of types of
things that they are listening to I
listen to really high level stuff about
the industries that I'm interested in
all the time I I'm super focused on it
like like crazy obsessively focused on
it where I if it will be within a few
minutes like I'll know about something
that has happened and then I'll usually
spend like a couple of hours trying to
like really intimately understand it
even if I'm never gonna make content
about it even if I'm never going to talk
about it I just really want to
understand what's going on so
approaching things with that mindset is
the idea behind research it's just if
you take anything away from this talk
it's cultivating a mindset of constantly
asking questions about your Mastery and
expertise and and just and just being a
part of that evolution
because if you do that enough you will
eventually get to the point where the
repertoire of experience that you have
cultivated by doing that research will
qualify you automatically to talk about
the next steps in it so I'm confident I
can talk about the next steps in Esports
I'm confident I can talk about the next
steps in marketing and media or in the
agency world or in personal health and
fitness which I focus on a ton right
because I have been through the
prerequisite steps of understanding
those things and spent hours and hours
and hours learning about all the
component blocks of that a lot of people
that
um begin like trying to become a
successful person just have no idea
where to start
and one of the best places you can start
is with a talk like this and going and
starting to do real high value research
on the Industries on the employers on
the clients that you're interested in
and I just without an expectation like
that's what gets people right people
have an expectation
and they they they
um they want something immediately but
your research is not going to have the
objective of getting something
immediately you're not you're not after
that you're not you're not like it
doesn't matter if you read an article
and then you're like Devin sent me an
email it's like Devon was wrong I read
15 articles about this industry and I
didn't get promoted right it's not about
that it's about being in the long game
of being a person who is informed and
actually like taking the time to try to
tackle and solve these problems that
that's the mindset shift similarly in
like physical fitness right it doesn't
really matter if you show up at the gym
and even if you have a phenomenal
workout that just doesn't matter what
matters a ton is getting there
consistently and you could have kind of
mediocre workouts but if you're there
consistently three times a week like you
will build the prerequisite results to
be a healthy and fit person it works
exactly the same mentally right you just
have to treat it mentally as like your
research is kind of like going to the
gym it's kind of like go like like being
informed is like going to the gym for
your mind just don't get into the the
Trap of thinking like just because
you are doing research in things like
um let's say like uh
Twitter and and you're like reading
people's opinions that's not direct
research I do very little of that right
I I'm looking at articles books
resources that are well thought out
about the subject matter right or I'm
looking at it if I am looking at like
Twitter and social I'm looking at it
from experts like the directors and the
people who are focused on trying to
solve those problems or are interested
in them like I'm looking at like
um the marketing VP or the director or
that person one of the um one of the
most like helpful podcasts ever for me
to understand like how trust and safety
works at a high level was Joe Rogan had
on the head of Safety and Security at
Twitter under Jack Dorsey at the time
and that person was able to paint a
picture of the security situation at
Twitter better than anybody else and and
that person has no following right
likewise like if you're trying to
understand what's going on over at like
twitch and they're like kind of
enforcement policies like just going and
looking at the Twitter of the person who
I think at the time had like 40
followers and was 2 reading about these
issues and they never get picked up by
the algorithm but by doing what I'm
talking about with like number one find
that person which I tell you how to do
in video number one and then researching
it you find that person and now all of a
sudden you have like an Insider's take
on a person that does that every single
day because most of these people do not
have social media followings the people
that mostly build social media
followings for the for the large part
like they don't practice so they don't
know what they're talking about because
they're spending all their time being a
content creator right so they're not
actually doing the thing so researching
from those people I I'm not like you
can't curate a Twitter feed
and then tell me you do your research
right like you've got to really
deliberately do this in the techniques
that we offered here so this is part two
um expect part three maybe it's already
out by the time that you watch this
video but uh it will be coming part
three is going to be the actual process
of sending a message to somebody the
actual process of like contacting the
person based on everything we know now
hope this was helpful please let me know
if it was thank you everybody bye
