okay i want to talk about decision
making and friction here in this pretty
important video and what inspired me to
do this was an email that i got today
which is
an email that i get variations of fairly
frequently so here goes hi my name is
this person and i am interested in the
patreon content basically i'm just
paraphrasing a lot of this i have an ask
i'm recovering from the hit on finances
caused by covet 19 and unfortunately i
don't have the 25 a month to support you
before gaining access to the mastermind
chat is it possible for me to gain
access to these chats in any other way i
understand this would be unfair to
people that have paid 25 dollars i can't
afford it at this time i'm not able to
subscribe um i'm only able to subscribe
to the patreon for five dollars a month
per tier to be contributing to something
entrepreneurship is really important to
me as i know the frustration of working
for large companies so it goes into
entrepreneurship and then a why i'm
unable to afford it
and um also states
that they are learning from people like
gary vaynerchuk jason falls and myself
for over 10 hours a day that so far they
have created branded social media
accounts personalized website free
courses from udemy hootsuite
google seo adwords and received
certifications for social media
marketers from hootsuite google adwords
and udemy and on google skill shop
cool so
i want to talk for a minute about my
response and why i made it and
tie that into a couple of lessons here
so the response i sent was this
straight up you should not pay 25 in any
universe for my patreon
all the videos in the patreon are five
dollars but you should not pay for that
either you're exactly the type of person
who should not pay a single dollar to me
or anyone else because your problem is
this
and i quoted
currently i've created a branded social
media account personalized website and
i've taken free courses from you know
the same quote and i found that i'm
enjoying spending ten dollars a day
learning and working on my own things
that could have helped help people
rather than under a company
so this sounds good right and here's
what i wrote next
your entire email is about how you're
excited to learn learn skills and spend
10 hours a day learning and working
towards your goals but you've done
nothing and haven't made one dollar
so this is a problem that i see a ton
all the time and this is something that
i would there's two sides of this okay
uh the first side of it is what i would
call procrastinating through content and
this is something that i talk about it's
something that gary talks about gary
vaynerchuk procrastinating through
content
and the second thing i want to talk
about is something that i think is
relevant to all business people which is
decision making versus action
and friction versus inertia
so we're gonna we're gonna cover these
issues in a little bit so let's talk
about procrastinating through content
for a bit
so
the the the a lot of people that pay
uh that have paid for patreon since i've
come up i've been surprised have been
people that have tossed five dollars or
twenty five dollars a month at this
because they want to deepen their
learning around subjects that they are
already making money on or become more
successful in a field where they're
spending their money on it i would like
a much higher percentage of those people
than the people that are in the second
category which are people that are
spending five dollars a month or 25 a
month making no money um or a hundred
dollars a month making no money for the
hope that i'm going to be the person
that's going to unlock the secret of to
their success and content creation you
um should unsubscribe right now and not
pay me a single dollar and i'm not
saying that facetiously i'm saying you
really should do that and come back and
look and support the channel when maybe
you're making some money and something's
going because nothing you find in here
no matter how technical my explanations
will solve your problem because your
problem is that you're spending all your
time learning
and uh gathering
watching videos
listening to podcasts
reading about blogs studying gary
studying devon nash studying tai lopez
studying tony robbins however you study
right and i'm not discounting that
behavior because i have spent hundreds
of hours doing those things but i've
also spent time actually doing so what i
suggested that this person do in the
email is one of two things number one go
to a thrift store go buy an item from
that thrift store go on to offer up and
sell that item for 30 40 markup and get
that sale or take an entry level sales
job
go and figure out how to sell and take
minimum wage and do that because all
this time learning is a dopamine and an
endorphin hit for you but it's not
actually producing any results and i if
i had to like really so let me like
really explain decision making versus
action because this is the one thing
that is if i had to differ anything
between what is different about me and
any other person that is in business it
is my ability to reduce friction between
the time that a decision gets made and
an action happens so if i go into like
let's go into paint busting out all the
tools here
and let's go create some circles okay so
circle number one here is
the thinking slash decision
and for some people there's some work
that actually takes time to get to here
but let's just assume that that gets
done and this is the action made okay
the chasm and the gap between this is
really wide for a lot of people okay but
for me personally it's like this
okay one circle
two circles there's very little time
between when i decide to make a decision
and when i take an action so for example
if i need to call 10 people i will just
go call those 10 people when i get into
the office right away or as soon as i
possibly can if i need to send or reply
to five to 10 emails i will just do that
as soon as i can if there's a task that
i need to do i will i have practiced for
years and years and years to reduce the
amount of friction around those tasks
there's two books i would recommend for
this ironically i'm recommending books
but there are books that can teach you
how to do this number one the book is
decisive which is a book about making
decisions faster and better and there's
a second book
that i keep on my shelf at all times
peter drucker the effective executive
which in my opinion is one of the best
books ever written on management or
decision making or action and speaks a
lot to this issue
but what i would encourage everyone to
do
is you need is one if you're going to
learn any skill it's reducing the
friction between the time that you make
a decision and the physical act of
producing something into the world
and i i i have spent so many hours
helping people with this and i will
spend so many hours more that i cannot
express to you the number of videos that
you watch about being a content creator
and the number of videos you watch about
being an entrepreneur and the number of
videos that you watch and blogs that you
read and certificates that you get will
not matter to the
actual result of doing something and if
you watch this video and decide to
unsubscribe from my patreon uh because
but i mean there's still five dollars at
least worth of value here and i'm
striving to make it even more but look
if you decide to unsubscribe to my
patreon so you can just do things
because this is a distraction to you
despite like trying to provide that
value i have succeeded okay like like
like straight up because it like
what
what these services are for what that
content is for is a person who is doing
something and then trying to take that
to the next level that's the case with
every one of these creators okay so a
person like gary has said several times
gary vaynerchuk wants to educate you out
of his content he doesn't mind if you
don't go back to his youtube channel
because at some point you should be
ready to sort of graduate um to be able
to do your kind of own thing and there's
different levels for that too so um a a
big part of what i do is i tend to speak
to
people that are trying to take their
business to like the next level okay so
like if you're earning like a medium to
hot like like you know if you're you're
generating like you know between
one to five million dollars in revenue
uh a year or or a little bit less then
like um i'm your huckleberry for that
because i've done that before and i can
kind of repeat those results in multiple
different businesses right so but if
you're you know making if you're in a
business making 50 to 100 million a year
like i probably can't help you right
maybe there's some useful stuff but i
doubt it there's other people for that
so there's levels that everybody should
be able to consume and what i want you
to think about is like how every day do
i put something out into the world that
physically produces a result it's a
video it's a standard operating
procedure it's a document it's a it's a
um it's something that someone else can
can take their hands on and then go do
so i i i tell someone or i contract
someone to like make something or to
produce something or to go sell
something or to make a phone call like
something has to exist in the world you
have to realize that a a a huge amount
speaking from i i'm so positive on this
such a large amount of
the time that people spend in the office
are quote working is this endorphin
dopamine hit rush of
adding a ton of friction to their
decision making that's number one so
like they'll have to amp themselves up
for hours to make a sales call or to
send an email they'll be like reading
reddit or they'll be like watching a
video and they'll watch like a 20-minute
video just to get motivated enough to
send an email or like like most people
know the things that you need to do
right and and also even if you don't
know those things if you're just blind
firing into into the ether but you're
doing things like you're asking people
stuff even if they're incredibly stupid
asks or you're like or you're selling
something someone something and you're
just making call after call like you
will eventually start to gain traction
by virtue of the fact that you're just
creating those things in the world and
then somebody will say yes so these are
these are things that i want you to
think about like i really want you to
think about the amount of friction that
you're adding to your day and how you
can close this gap to thinking versus
decision the the worst place to exist
for me in the world of work is this sort
of gray no zone
of
what i would call a no man's land of
like okay i'm not creating anything but
i'm also like not enjoying myself like
if i am playing a video game i don't
feel guilty about doing that because i'm
sitting there and i'm just playing a
video game and i'm enjoying it but if
i'm at work and i'm reading something
like like tick-tock memes or something
like that that's miserable because i'm
in a world where i know that i should be
working but i'm not reducing the
friction to go to that work so that i'm
i i'm also feeling that misery of not
working but i'm also not where i want to
be so you you have to be very conscious
like there's tons of different ways to
do this like maybe it's the pomodoro
technique for you you work 20 minutes on
and that 20 minutes you're super
dedicated i've done that before where
it's like i will set this hour aside to
just write or just produce or just
create things if you go look at the
video that jeremy and i just created for
this patreon you'll see that um we did a
straight hour of just work like we just
worked and just sometimes you can work
with somebody else and talk with someone
else and say hey this is our fixed hour
where we do this or we produce this or
we r d on this product but the first
step is you so i'd say like the
step-by-step process here is like number
one right
set yourself
an amount of time where you think
about
what exactly you need to do
to produce a result in the world so this
has to be a physical result it has to be
something tangible it has to be a video
it has to be a sale it has to be a call
it has to be a development of sop it has
to be research has to be something you
can actually show your work for so if
you watched a video for 20 minutes you
cannot show your work and this should be
a low amount of time okay like low
amount no more
than 15 to 20 minutes
then schedule and produce that thing
okay
and then number three cycle and
reevaluate so if you schedule and
produce that thing you say okay this is
something i'm going to do at 2 pm pst
i'm going to make this thing happen
you reduce your inertia
around sorry you reduce your friction
and you get closer to that distribution
and that is a muscle that you work out
and eventually you won't need to do
those things so like i'm at the point
now and just coming from like i used to
spend i used to have zero days which
i've talked about in previous videos
like i had days where i just didn't do
anything the entire day was lost and i
mean like i didn't play video games i
just thought about working and i didn't
do it so i've gone from that to being a
fairly effective like this is all
this is all in your head so it'll still
affect you even over the last week for
example i got stuck on quality again and
i started not making youtube content and
videos because i was like oh i need to
expect a certain amount of quality for
myself before i produce things i again i
got into that procrastination loop so
this is a this is a war right and
there's a great book called the war of
art the war of art is a book about like
this idea called resistance which is
this like kind of feeling that you have
to push against if you're a creative
that your work isn't good enough you
don't have good enough ideas or just
this general sense of kind of heavy
molasses like procrastination that
prevents you from getting where you want
to go this is a daily battle you have to
push yourself against you have to
constantly come to terms with that
reality and overcome it but once you
start to practice that and you do the
difference between highly effective
people and normal people is that they
have mastered the skill there's very
little friction between their decision
to do something and their actions and
their decision making gets better and
better and better as they make more
decisions and they learn from their
previous mistakes so that's why a person
that is decisive but also introspective
is like invincible in life and business
because they're able to make informed
decisions that turn out to be correct
actions more often than not and you
actually don't need that many of those
to start looping yourself into feedback
loops that make you more and more
successful so that is what i would
recommend you you i want everyone to
kind of think about is this idea of like
how do i physically produce things into
the world and to sort of uh put a
warning bell on yourself if you're
spending a lot of time consuming
information and uh reading information
versus actually producing and doing now
that doesn't mean that you should
completely stop learning and and i don't
there's a huge portion of my day
particularly what i call net time so
that's like no extra time if i'm walking
around or i'm waiting in a line or
something or i'll be listening to a tim
ferriss podcast or i'll be looking at
content creators that are talking about
what's going on in the industry like
like definitely listening to people of
authority is very important however i i
balance that that the vast majority of
my day should be producing things that
have physical or tangible results in the
world so in my case it's videos but it's
also things like operating procedures or
right now what i'm doing is i'm creating
a database of influencers for my agency
so that that agency we can easily reach
out to influencers and making sure that
like you know all their information is
that and content it's like something
physical that has a value in the world
that i'm working on right now so the
more of that is better okay so that's
what i want to talk about today and i
just hope that
we all put a lot more thinking into the
reducing the amount of friction between
our decisions and our actions i hope
that helps thanks
