this is Mastermind 40 this is a even
number like 4 Z I think has some
importance because we got here right so
like 10 20 30 40 so as such this is
actually going to be available to
everybody on patreon anybody can listen
to this and that means that I'm going to
be covering broader topics that I are I
guess in terms of effort are ones that I
have put quite a bit of thought into and
preparation so this will be a sort of
heavier Mastermind it'll be more broad
than some of the specific stuff we do
masterminds for people that are
listening for the first time which might
be many you
are weekly sessions that I do on Discord
with everybody and we go over business
life basically anything that kind of
comes up bounce through it and try to
help everybody become successful I I
I've Loved These so far um I want to do
these every you know five or 10 episodes
or so that kind of cover more broader
and and not necessarily more important
but definitely like things that I think
could apply to almost anyone starting
with today's topic there's going to be
two major ones going be one one that's
kind of Life focused and one that's
directly marketing focused and business
focused uh so for people that are just
listening that the sort of like table is
going to be first we're going to be kind
of talking about the top purpose--
driven things in life that I've learned
that I think really move a person
forward and then after that we're going
to do a new Marketing Concept that I
haven't talked about that I've been
working on called deterministic
marketing versus random marketing so for
people that are maybe not interested in
the Life stuff you can kind of just skip
around until you get to that point or
I'll actually put the time stamps in the
uh VOD but I encourage you to listen to
that because I put a lot of time into it
um not that that makes it Justified but
I think it's I think it's good stuff
deterministic marketing is going to be
more business if that's your if that's
your jam we're going to start with this
because this was inspired by the asked
Devan questions in The
Mastermind and it really goes over
something that I have thought about all
my life really like I've really tried to
think about what are the things the few
things because there's just so many
things like we we're entering a time in
a world where everything is content
driven everything is you should eat this
you shouldn't eat this you should do
this you shouldn't do this blah blah
blah and it's it's exhausting is going
to get way more exhausting and soon
we're not even have humans telling it
we're going to have Bots telling us so
what are the things that not only have I
personally done like I've seen to their
completion but also I have coached other
people numerous times and I've seen
total transformations in their lives
it's it actually comes down to a really
few simple things and the reason why I
think this is not stuff that is more
covered I guess is just because it
doesn't like you don't need to make
courses on it you're going to see that
this it's pretty simple stuff and once
you get through it you're just a totally
different person and I I'll kind of talk
about what that
means and what we mean by by different
people so we'll just kind of like Get
Right into so as a Purpose Driven person
this was inspired by a question in The
Mastermind chat from a 21-year-old
finishing underr and not like not really
knowing what he was going is going to do
and we might get to his question and
specifically answer it a little bit
later but I feel like that's a place
where a lot of people are no matter what
your age is no matter like what you're
doing you just don't feel entirely
comfortable with where you're at and
maybe that causes you to go seek out
self-improvement stuff or or go try to
find more Hobbies or try to meet
different people or meet women or meet
men men or whatever it is um that
feeling of discontent has a has a name
where I come from Zen Buddhism and
that's duka or suffering we we generally
think of suffering as a as a concept of
like um like oh I'm really cold right
now or or I'm really too hot or I'm in
pain as I have an injury or I have a
disease that we think of suffering in
the west like that but the East
describes suffering and the literal
translation of of Dua of of of suffering
is this feeling of discontent that
feeling of like I should be more I
should I I could be more and and I ought
to be but I don't really know what this
is or how to get there and that like
frustration that that that builds up
inside you because you just you just
don't you aren't in that place you want
to be and so you you start to Define it
by all kinds of different things like oh
I don't have enough money that must be
what it is I I don't have like a really
good woman that must be what it is right
you go down the list but really what
Buddhism teaches that that sense of
suffering can only be conquered within
and and that it will always manifest as
some other desire or some want no matter
what you accomplish in your life and
that's why you see people that are like
multi-millionaires seem to have
everything tons of Fame whatever and
they're just objectively miserable right
is because they they've once you reach
the Apex of success you've suddenly
realized that there isn't a there there
and now you're screwed like like you
thought that that was the answer and you
pursued it all of your life and you
didn't get there so what are the
things that actually get you there what
what gets you out of that feeling of
suffering well I'm not a zen master um
so I'm I'm I'm going to describe the
things that have worked for me and the
things that have worked for at least
several dozen people who I've personally
seen transform as a result of it okay
and that's what this is about starting
with the number one thing and the most
obvious thing and that is physical
strength and Mind Body
Connection so there is
a there's
um a huge shift in a person when you
become the top 1% of
something and one thing that everybody
that is listening to this can do pretty
much everybody is become 1% uh in the
fitness world and it's it's it's it's
because it's so easy like the average
person is so disconnected
from their body that even 3 days a week
of moderate exercise will put you in the
top 1% and you will feel that confidence
so so so for example about one and the
US the US Air Force did a
um uh a survey that I thought not a
survey it was it was a study and they
brought something like uh over a
thousand people in recruits and measured
how much they could deadlift and over
90% of women couldn't lift 90 pounds and
over 50% of men couldn't that number
blew my mind like like it's insane it's
the the amount of training you would
need to do to lift 90 pounds is like you
wouldn't need any it's just a confidence
thing it's just a mind thing like
anybody could do it with proper form so
um I I I it's it's it's very this is I'm
starting with this one because it's very
easy for everybody to do and the Mind
Body connection is something that is
really underestimated I I think that one
of the things that separates very
successful people from less successful
people is just the pure cognitive
development that they've been able to do
and that is a that is a trained feature
like your IQ can increase and one of the
number one ways you do that is you clear
all the out of your head and
and your physical being which is your
mind which is your stomach your gut FL
everything gets better so this literally
means strength training cardio
stretching like going on a run twice a
week you just build yourself a program
you learn it and what that also and you
get there until you get to the top 1%
which again sounds like a lot but it's
not the top 1% of content creators is
not hard to do the top 1% of Fitness
people is not hard to do because
everybody is so lazy that like this is
achievable on every level and so if if
you're lost and you don't know where to
go the very first place you start is in
physical development
I've SE I I have completely transformed
people by doing this completely has
totally changed their life if it's the
only thing you
do furthermore though it gives you
immediate confidence and a teachable
skill so you can automatically go back
to that no matter what like I could
always be a physical trainer because I
was a certified I was I was I I did it I
know it and I can go teach it and like
So for 50 bucks an hour or whatever I
have that Baseline and having that
Baseline can increase your confidence by
a great deal so I the the thing I want
to stress here is the Mind Body
Connection of physical strength cannot
be underestimated the the the amount it
makes you smarter is what I'm trying to
say and there there are there are
literal studies on this you can look up
Ronda Patrick you can look up the
studies on ncbi that show that like your
cognitive development is linked to your
physical activity especially as you age
so that's where I'll start and then the
second part of that I think what's tied
into that is you've got to get
exceptional about your nutrition and
that again affects Your Mind Body
Connection and you might be thinking
like okay well this is a talk about
purpose like like I want to find
something that I want to be passionate
about in my life how are these things
relevant I swear to you they are
relevant unbelievably relevant that that
that as you open up your mind and open
up your body to be more healthy and be
more
receptive you will find these things
will find you they they couldn't find
you before because there was so much
stress there was so much weight there
was sometimes physically there's so much
going on there that you're just not open
to these
opportunities and exceptional nutrition
can get you another step of the way and
when I say there's I'm not going to get
into a big talk about nutrition maybe we
do something about that if people ask me
um that is these are both things that
you have to study and i' and I've taken
exercise physiology courses I've taken
human biology courses to try to
understand how does sodium work in the
body how does it regulate blood pressure
how does protein break down what does
ATP in the adrenal system how do those
things connect to make energy right I've
had to understand those things I've had
to read those things you've got to read
those things to at least to the point
where you understand what to eat or like
even if if you don't want to bother with
that stuff just don't eat like a child
right like I I that's my my number one
thing I I coach people on is like you
don't need to reward yourself with a
cookie when you do something good you
don't need to have like ice cream when
you get back from lifting you don't have
to do that stuff like you're an adult
you can act like it like you could eat
Whole Foods and and I have to remind
some my people of that that I'm coaching
on a regular basis right like you could
you just eat like an adult and eat Whole
Foods eat stuff that comes from the
earth and and we can end that there
right but I I'm just highlighting this
again as like sort of a broad thing that
I've seen completely transform people's
lives and you've heard about it too
right like you've you've how many people
have you read about that have
transformed their lives on a diet that
have that have and like they are is it's
hard to describe to someone when you say
I am a completely different person
because of something I do you hear it
every day it's like so boring now like
you hear it on TV you hear it everywhere
that's like oh yeah no I'm but like when
I when I tell you that I am a physically
different person because I invested in
physical strength what that that going
past 250 in a deadlift or eating clean
every single day I mean completely
changed my life it made me more money it
got me with with a a way better
relationship like I'm with like the
woman of my dreams because of those
things like those things on and on and
on right like my my success in business
everything are those those are the two
foundations if it's all you do getting
serious about that stuff and like saying
today is the day I'm going to get really
serious about this I'm not going to go
do do fast food anymore I'm going to
figure it out like that's the these
these are the two these are two pillars
okay pillar number three easier one read
one book a month that is a serious
non-fiction book so I've been so serious
about this subject that I've had book
clubs I've I've tried to get people
involved in it when I say serious
non-fiction book there are objective
classic books that will change that have
changed the course of of of thinking
uh and here are a few so like as a man
think very man search for meaning by
Victor Frankle The Power of Now by E toi
The Four Agreements by Don Miguel Ruiz
Rich Dad Poor Dad by Robert Kiyosaki and
like start with Why by Simon synic like
these are these are books that are New
York Times bestsellers hundreds of times
over and if you can if you have more
time like read the classics read Daman
read read Beyond Good and Evil like read
read like these things right there are
humans that have come before us that can
do have done more work on particular
subjects than we could ever possibly do
ourselves and some of the books that
I've listed if you just read one book a
month that is a serious non-fiction book
that you really try to understand and
you like don't you don't separate your
attention like don't have Tik Tok on
whatever you just like read that book
like physically read it by the end of
the year you will be so far ahead of
other people it's crazy and and it's I I
don't want to say this in a way that is
condescend sending but I've been doing
this for what 10 years now and like when
I talk to an average person there
there's there's no contest in that
conversation there just isn't like it's
like in any level income uh Fitness
everything all that stuff has all been
developed everybody can do that
everybody can read one book like that
like it's not I'm not like some super
 genius guy I'm actually like
below average dude that just read a book
a month for 10 years and that and like
where are you going to be 10 years from
now like exactly the same place you're
going to be here so where will you be if
you read 10 if you read even six books
so every one every two months right
you'd be a completely different person
again a total foundational shift in who
you are and and these books are really
easy to find like you just go to Amazon
and you give be like what are the
bestselling books of all time in
self-improvement in in in
self-development and and Bam it'll give
you a list okay pillar number three so
we've got physical strength we've got
exceptional nutrition read one book a
month pillar number four this could be
related to pillar number one and that is
do something seriously difficult as a
hobby I have a couple of suggestions
these are the ones I do uh I do three
powerlifting Jiu-Jitsu and Hot Yoga are
my three these are ones that like
tomorrow I have to go to hot yoga and I
dreaded it right now like it is so hard
right it's it's 110 degrees it's an hour
long no water and it's it's just very
very difficult the whole time through
Jiu-Jitsu um is very difficult the whole
time through powerlifting is very
difficult the the whole time through but
all this has to have one thing in common
it could be anything you could do
outdoors right you can like go out and
camp and and and live a night in
somewhere it has to defeat you because I
think that puts you in perspective
everything in life right now is centered
towards comfort and comfort makes
Comfort has a weird effect on society
it's probably too long to get into right
now it but it has has a weird effect on
individuals and and you have to to
understand that like the world isn't
operating on that rule set it's just
we're sort of like temporarily in this
place with grocery stores and fast food
available and um everything solved or
whatever until we're not and and and the
day were not stuff gets really
interesting very fast okay and and so
when you do something like Jiu-Jitsu or
you do something like powerlifting and
you you have a thing that can defeat you
I there's there's no if I keep putting
weight on the bar it will defeat me and
it doesn't care it just is right or if
and I'll never be the best Jiu-Jitsu
player in in the world I won't even be
close like there will always be just
random people that can completely subdue
me and beat me and if I go outdoors and
I go camping and I and I and I really
try to push myself nature will beat me
right because I'm not as strong as it
and so so so doing something really
difficult as a
hobby preferably on a weekly basis puts
you into a perspective of like how small
you we are and in that humility you find
um you unlock that piece of yourself
that that that that uncomfortable piece
of yourself goes
away so that would be pillar number
four and then pillar number five is the
is sort of the doorway so so once you've
walked this stuff down you just start
exploring everything until you find
something you can't quit because as you
work on these things which in of
themselves are
Hobbies you go pursue things that you
think you might be passionate or might
be interested in and before you know it
you'll find something you love and
that's like my answer to the question of
like how you build passion and how you
build purpose I I don't think that
purpose is a thing that is imbued in us
innately and and I think that a lot of
people like think that there might have
some kind of calling in their life or
that they're just kind of waiting to
find it and when I look at a lot of
people it feels like they're waiting
every day to try to for that something
to come to them
and the reason why I think these I guess
these four pillars are so important is
because these are you taking direct
action and control over yourself and
saying I am going to go out and do this
which is which is fundamental to the
development of a human a and that all
men and women have had to do over over
all of history for millions of years in
various different ways and it it goes
without saying that at least three of
these pillars right the other than
reading a book every
month all three of those pillars were
things that were required to survive for
millions of years it's no coincidence
then that those are things that are
built innately into our biology that
make us happier and R and reduce
depression and side effects in our body
hyper whatever whether it be
hypertension high blood pressure disease
diabetes all these things right we know
scientifically that building your
strength eating well and doing seriously
difficult things improves all of those
things across the board it's no
coincidence it's it's human life so you
H you you being closer to being human
literally developing yourself in the
direction of Being Human will by virtue
of doing those things develop yourself
towards your purpose even though it
doesn't seem at all related it it's like
you find the career or the woman of your
dreams or your love or whatever the hell
you want it it seems like the way to get
there is like all the Tik Tok stuff we
read these days and and most of content
quotation marks right is like how to
pick up chicks how to make more money
with like these strategies or whatever
um how to uh bu beat the system in this
way this way right it's all that kind of
stuff right and and and unfortunately
especially men get trapped in this it's
something I want to talk more about as
time goes on I think men and young men
get trapped in this cycle of believing
that that stuff is going to be the
unlock but again once you get there
you'll realize that there is no there
there and if you just put that down
and pick up some iron three times a week
nobody wants to do that right you all
you all want like the like everybody
wants the strategies everybody wants
that like and the techniques the stuff
to get there nobody wants to pick up a
weight and put it down uh 10,000 times
that doesn't sound cool right but that's
it that's that's what it is and that and
going back millions of years picking
 up and putting it down right eating
food from the earth and doing difficult
things and realizing you're a smaller
part of a greater hole and then once you
start thinking like that you think man
as I am a small part of this greater
hole how can I contribute and what can I
add and that that that'll get you on
that path so that's that I I just I I
hope that hits somebody the right way um
those are the four pillars I would say
to direct purpose and and direct a
person that that I have personally seen
transform people and I would say that
one of those has transformed to a person
completely much less if you do all of
them you could quite literally be in a
different class of human
being and it feels pretty good it's
pretty cool uh like to to to to operate
at that level and also to know that
there's so much more you could always
do okay that is the sort of kind of life
overarching section um we're going to go
to I'll mark the time here so this is 20
minutes we're going to go into the
marketing and business stuff so it's
going to be feel like a little bit of a
jolt because that was a that was a
pretty intense type of thing hopefully
it's helpful all right so today's
business concept is going to be uh this
is totally something I invented because
because I've been thinking about it a
lot in terms of uh the ads we run and
and the types of marketing that we
do I think it can help anybody that's in
the business world to start thinking
like this and I got the idea from one of
my favorite games of all time called
Path of
Exile and uh in Path of Exile there's a
there's a methodology of making an item
uh called deterministic crafting meaning
that you can manipulate the item in a
certain way that you have a guaranteed
result okay so if I if I use these
inputs I get a guaranteed result every
single time versus there are also ways
in
the game to do random itemization and
just create random items and sometimes
if you create a random item you get
something really good but most of the
time you get something bad so what I
realized was when I was like kind of
applying that cross-sectionally to
marketing I realized that most people
that are marketing are using what I
would call random marketing and we'll
Define these terms and kind of like what
uh what constitutes that and very few
people are using deterministic
marketing which is to say that if I put
in these sets of inputs I can get this
result
and I think that that's one of the main
things that actually is holding people
back and differentiating people that are
not only content creators but also
business people but some of this will be
in the form of of content
creators okay let's start with a
definition of deterministic marketing so
deterministic marketing is literally
going to mean if I put this input in I
get this result and I think there's
three things that sort of Define what a
deterministic marketing strategy would
be the first thing is it's targeted so
you understand what your objective is
going to be before you go in right
second thing is you have a defined
message within that objective meaning
it's like I am creating this video I am
making this piece of content because
this is what I want to convey or this is
my objective that I need to accomplish
and third and probably most importantly
it has a trackable conversion result
meaning that X number of people signed
up y number of people bought this result
happened because I did this thing
okay we're going to give some examples
but first you talk about random
marketing so what is random marketing
well random is just kind of creating
content let's use a Content example to
just create it and this is most people
right you make a video because like you
think the video is interesting but you
haven't really thought about its message
or his objective or what it's what it
ought to do obviously like one thing
that's like really notorious is like
twitch streams right like like so how
many people start a twitch stream
because they kind of feel like it's the
right thing to do you you you make a
twitch stream um and you're just
streaming for like six or eight hours
but there's no objective there you can't
really track what happened like sure you
got some followers but you have no idea
like what actually happened to your
brand or what developed in your business
as a result of that so these random acts
of content creation I feel like are how
99% of people approach content creation
and and similarly random acts of doing
things within business like oh I ought
advertise here in this paper or I ought
um do this for form of thing or whatever
right or are like how people decide like
what their next action should
be there's there's two aspects that
Define random Marketing in contrast to
deterministic marketing number one is
you can't tell me why you did it and you
can't tell me where it's going to go so
if I if you ask me why why I made a
video I might say something like I made
that video to appeal to a particular
type of agency that I want to work with
in the next three months and and the
next three months of videos that I make
on this particular topic are going to be
directed towards um those people or
another example I did a paid ad that
specifically is reaching out to people
between the age of 16 and 30 who have a
uh just making this up right um who
aren't making enough income and they
want to work remotely so I'm going to
Target that exact group and that's the
messaging I'm going to use I'm going to
use messaging for those people that
means I'm not going to use messaging for
a 45y old woman I'm not going to use
messages for their dogs I'm not going to
me for for for 50-year-old men I'm going
to Target this and this is going to be
this message right so in random
marketing you can't tell me why you did
it you can't tell me where it's going
you sort of just created it or you did
it to do it number two is you is
actually the opposite of the
deterministic trackable conversion
results you can't be sure what happened
so you can't be tell me how many people
bought or took an action because of what
you're doing and and often times you're
not even sure what action was supposed
to be taken you just you just you just
aren't even sure why you're doing it so
if you don't have a deterministic way of
inputting your results in your business
you you you don't have a a reliable way
of getting somebody out and sure you may
do something like yeah every live stream
or every YouTube video somebody makes
could be the next 10 million 20 million
50 million video but you know what are
the chances of that we know it's like
infantism right but with deterministic
thinking the chances get much higher as
you direct yourself towards that
objective so here are some examples of
deterministic marketing campaigns all
right number one is paid ads so you
you've heard me talk about paid ads a
lot any kind of PPC with paid ads you
have a demographic you have a Target
right you understand what your objective
is your objective is to sell this
product that you're advertising you have
a defined message so your defined
message is going to be whatever it is
you think is going to sell that product
and you have trackable conversion
results I know that by running $100 of
this campaign that I and seen two sales
I have exactly I exactly know what that
ad did paid ads are the easiest for him
to serve this marketing that's why
they're so powerful secondly is like
email campaigns exactly the same thing I
know if I have an email campaign of a
thousand people and I S out a thousand
emails and I get 50 responses back I
have an exact trackable thing I have a
defined message I have a Target Direct
Mail campaigns right same thing so all
of these have um a a like so to do this
in like a contest situation it's like
all these have this these three
objectives nailed so it's like
okay I want to make a
video I want to
Target this audience that is interested
in let's say
um building their own
furniture and I think that a cool
message for this video would be that
actually everybody can probably build
their own piece of furniture much easier
than they think they can so the
objective of this video and maybe the
next and that maybe you can't do this
like that's what a marketing campaign is
right maybe this isn't one video maybe
this is 10 the objective of this next 10
videos is to convey to people that they
can build their own first piece of
furniture pretty easily and to show them
exactly how to do it and the trackable
conversion for that is going to be at
the end of that Loop the call to action
will be going into an email list and I
will evaluate the success of this not by
some arbitrary metric like number of
subscribers I got which doesn't mean
 number of followers I got doesn't
mean I'm going to track this by the
number of people that sign up and click
the button yes I want to receive more
information by going to my website or
going to like convert kit or whatever
and signing up for my email list and by
the end of this I hope to have let's say
100 or 150 emails that I can then track
back into um uh some course or or or
some book or something that I want to do
about furniture that is a deterministic
marketing
campaign
versus how many time like how have you
how many times have you heard oh I want
to build a
channel and um my channel is going to be
about furniture and yeah it would be
really cool like I taught people like
how to build Furniture like right like
like those subtle differences are what
make up the difference between
deterministic marketing and random
marketing and I think they are super
critical to anybody that is approaching
this so I'll do some
more about this later uh this just a
concept I kind of want to introduce and
and and we can talk about it more a as
it as we kind of go on okay cool
okay
so answer a few questions and I think
we'll open the floor I actually don't
think we'll get through all the
questions today which is
cool so the question number one is from
Aiden and he describes that he's a for
people that are listening these are you
can you can put these in The Mastermind
ask Devon chat anytime during the week
and then I get to
and I I write notes and everything I
prep for
him so the background is 21 just
finished his undergrad this was the what
inspired me for the first part of this
Mastermind coasted through the whole
degree with the minimal effort required
to get good grades which I did the same
wasn't really a fan of the major doesn't
really know what to do and worked a
summer job with basically no skills
developed basically how do I find out
what I want to do for a living and so
the way you find out is you go back and
you listen to the first part of this
that is the answer to this question and
it really doesn't seem like it is
because it's like oh great like
um I listen to Deon and all I do is like
eat really well and then I got jacked
but I have no money it won't happen that
way I promise like like like you it's
it's weird to describe how it develops
but um these things have direct coraly
into the rest of your
life so that's number one and number two
is kind of a more like interesting
objective question and this is something
we've never discussed in The Mastermind
so it's a really great question I'm
really glad you like put so much effort
into like asking all these questions is
it worth moving somewhere like Toronto
or even LA or Austin if I can sag visa
to try and learn to do talent management
or Creator economy
jobs so this one goes out to like
everybody that's in like kind of a small
town or in a place where they don't feel
like things are happening that they want
to have
happen I lived in a place for a long
time uh called Lake Tahoe in it's a
little place in Nevada with like a
population of 500 people in the winter
and like maybe 2,000 in the summer
tourist location very beautiful and I
went to college
there and um at some point I
realized I would have had I had to move
to the city to develop my career and
most of most of the most significant
jumps that I've made in my career have
been in Los
Angeles I don't think Los Angeles is the
same city that it was when I went there
which is something that every old person
says but that doesn't mean you you can't
develop
there I don't I I think the importance
we put on places like LA or Austin
particularly for like
consecration those are things that are
overblown those particular things pretty
much every major city center should have
what you need but if you are in a small
town you need to consider getting out
not really for the reason of just like
oh I have better career opportunities in
this place but because of the sort of
mental Tempo that is in those towns
people just sort of move at a different
pace and you're going to need to step it
up and be a little bit faster if you
really want higher levels of success but
I don't think LA and Austin are like the
places that you are limited to to do
that so for example when we were trying
to move Novo uh when I when I left
La when I sold CG I moved up to Seattle
and that was where my co-founder Matt
was at the time which is why I moved but
we and like Seattle did like we went to
the Amazon offices we had Amazon as a
client so that that opened that up but
when we were deciding to move the
company somewhere else I mean obviously
we seriously considered Austin that's
where all the big content creators on
Twitch are and everything but we decided
on Dallas and it's like why Dallas right
Dallas three hours away from Austin
seems like a random place there are more
content creators here and more like big
businesses that I can walk through the
door of like State Farm we've been
talking to because I can just walk to
their headquarters and I and and I can
just talk to them right um every big
city is going to have those
opportunities it just won't be as
obvious as like oh I should go talk to
pokm I should go talk to otk right which
you're not going to talk to otk anyway
so any big city that doesn't have the
price tag like that's the thing right
with Austin we were paying $14,000 a
month for office space in Seattle we
went to we went to Dallas and we were
paying right now I think our office
which is bigger is like 3,200 a month
it's insane right um now Austin we would
have been paying that premium price tag
and for what right to to to have the
moniker of being in a big city that's
that's Tech focused or whatever like
we're infinitely more successful in
Dallas we just made it happen here so I
don't think you need to think about like
oh I've got to be like like that La
person especially if you don't like like
Pro your your first question you don't
even know if you want to be right like a
talent manager or anything like that and
and trust me you don't want to be a
talent manager Jesus Christ okay like
going to going to another bigger city it
is totally fine now you're from Toronto
right now so like Toronto solves your
problems if you go out there and look
but but yeah it just it goes back to
depending what you want to do in
question number
one some people listening to this
though need to need need need to move
and move to a bigger place that's more
inspiring for them and
scarier possibly alone and and then and
then really learn to tackle that
uh question number three is the way to
learn talent management DM a few decent
Siz creators and be like listen I'll do
my best to get you brand deals help your
production but this is going to be
learning together experience or is that
just a recipe for
disaster so I feel this is something I
get so many emails
about I'm not doing as much public
YouTube and whenever I start doing a lot
of public YouTube it this starts and I
get you know 15 20 of these a day what
I'm what I'm doing regular videos or
stream streams for some reason you
either think like the path for like
content creator like people that don't
want to do content the path for them is
either I want to be like a pro gamer and
so how do I do that or I want to get
into like management of creators and I
want to get into like talent and I want
to get into that why do you want to
manage creators there there are like a
million different things that you can do
within this place that are like within
the content creation sphere that are
like way better than managing creators
and and like like
um and you have you're in comp siiz so
like for example just even Building
Products or extensions or things or
solutions for creators if you really are
passionate about the Creator
economy uh it's weird it's weird to me
to hear people that are like yeah I'm
really passionate about the Creator
economy and when I when I tell people
straight out like I'm I'm at the top of
the Creator economy and I'm not
passionate about it at all like like I I
I I do I am influencers do not uh do it
for me and I think anybody that's been
influencer marketing long enough like
isn't it's not going to do it's not
going to be the thing um that really
moves you and the reason is because it's
not a place where you can like really
contribute like like in a way that like
matters you're you're not you're not
you're not directly interacting with
people who are moving the world forward
in some positive way or you are moving
them forward in some positive way you're
dealing with narcissistic 90%
of the time who don't give a about
you who are super lazy and are in their
positions only because they've poop
socked so hard that um they put in the
hours or they got extremely lucky or
have a particular aspect of their
personality or their their plants and
they' they've gotten bought in by
somebody which is increasingly happening
right just like it does in
Hollywood these are like not icons of
like my answer to all these questions
and my answer to like most people and a
lot of people that are listening that
are like 20 18 even to like 25 is you
just need to go back and look into
yourself like forget all this Creator
 forget all this influencer
forget it all and go back and pick up
some iron eat well read books that
matter and then figure out your life
from there right um
myo was the number one influencer in the
IRL category for quite some time and she
does not create a single piece of
content today because she did these
things and she realized that it doesn't
serve her and I I I I would I would do
her a disservice by saying what she does
now but it's it's a it's a much more
beautiful expression of who she is and
guess what nobody uh nobody nobody
knows there's there's no Instagram post
there's no Twitter post like there are
so many things you can do in this world
that go beyond that job but I just hear
over and over again I mean it literally
is right like we know statistically it's
literally the number one most desired
job is like like either con being a
consecrator in general or um being
something associated with it and and and
it just isn't it for most people like
like it's not there's so I I just I
encourage you to like really go back and
I know this might not be the answer that
you personally want or a lot of people
that are listening to this want and if
you don't want this answer that's fine
too because we're still going to be
doing tons of content about how to
create how to be a better content
creator and how to be better in these
areas I will never stop talking about
that because I I I am I'm interested in
it but I'm I'm saying that without the
foundations of going back into yourself
and really developing yourself as this
person you will approach these things
and
fail because you you aren't um you
aren't you you aren't you aren't
complete in yourself yet to be able to
approach this
problem you just need to do more to
develop
yourself it it it in those simple
pillars and those simple
ways
yeah it's not it's not easy it's just
simple and then once you do that you can
really think about your contribution to
the world from that perspective if you
still want to create content then you
can I I'll end with this like the reason
why I create content
still and and the reason why I still do
things that are public facing is because
I hope
that through the effort I put in to
learn this stuff some small percentage
of it conveyed can help somebody else
and that's enough for me to keep going
but I'm not doing it because like I I I
don't like I I would really prefer to
live a life where I don't ever do
anything content red ever
again but I I I think that that that
that voice needs to and like you know I
just do do what I do in real life like I
go to Jiu-Jitsu I I do yoga
I practice I I teach my own I teach
individuals right like whatever um
there's so there's some pulling me to
continue talking about marketing
and building better businesses and
building better
people a and that drive makes me
continue doing this but if your mindset
is like I want to get into this because
of like of like the followers like the
essence of it of like like what it is
like if you don't have that thing to
contribute you have to go back into
yourself till you find it that I guess
that's what I was trying to say it took
a while to get
there
okay second
question and then I might open the four
or might keep going depends on the how
long the third question is so Auto asks
hi Devon
hello I have what I think might be an
interesting situation I run two YouTube
channels for two separate audiences and
for the last month I've been thinking of
a smooth way to combine them number one
is
88.7k
Subs 99% male audience 25 to
54 focuses on BattleTech super familiar
that's like a tabletop game about Mech
second one is 1.27k Subs 90% female 18
to 34 focused on boyfriend
ASMR the YouTube search volume for
boyfriend ASMR is 20 to 30X larg than my
BattleTech
channel on top of this videos are five
or 10 uh questions and he links this if
anybody wants to like see these channels
whatever they're all in the um
Mastermind ask Devon chat what a cool
genre that is boyfriend
ASMR so his questions are I feel that
BattleTech Niche is too small I'm
looking for a way to transition out of
it and experiment with more video or
video YouTuber
content how could I do that without
losing too much my audience is this even
a good idea is there a way to relate the
two channels so they synergize with each
other I guess I'll address those first
uh might not be the answer you want I
always kind of caveat that if you you
have so so let's just look at the stats
8.7k subs 1.27k subs neither of these
are YouTube channels to be um if you
have below 100K Subs I don't think you
ever worry about
um let me use a fitness
example
uh if a guy this has happened to me
before is like a guy's like
um what do you do about overtraining get
this question a lot right and what do I
do about overtraining like what if I
train too much and and the answer I
usually give is is if you look like you
work out you can worry about
overtraining which is a really rude
answer but the the the the gist of it is
that um it's it's just a it's just a
non-c concern uh for for like for like
the vast majority of people like you
just like pick up stuff put it down keep
doing that until you get heavier heavier
and then these problems will start
solving themselves as they come along in
exactly the same way in content creation
I do not concern myself with any of this
stuff like the the number this the way
that you are Focus fed on stats and like
the stuff that you know about your
YouTube channel is way way too much for
the number of subscribers that you have
um you've done like all this analytical
stuff and you're at 9k subscribers and I
would say that you're at 9k subscribers
because I'm using your this channel
right and I think you're
um more uh successful on other channels
right but it's like okay 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
9 10 11
12 yeah so you've got like about 30
videos here right and some of those
videos have done quite well and like
some tier list or things like that I'm
looking at which got like 30k views
which tells me that like 50k views on
the mech tier list yeah that there's
probably an audience for this
stuff but like uh you use like the same
thumbnails in every single
one your titles aren't all incredibly
interesting like what I'm saying is that
like there's a lot of like content
driven or story driven narrative work
that you have to do before you can
determine if this Niche is too small or
not furthermore I if I go to the largest
battle check Channel which I'll just do
now a and try to find how that's being
received right if I if if if you
find a channel that is consistently
doing better
um then there is a niche for it and that
and that's an available audience for
you so um if a person can
make millions of views talking about
Warhammer lore right which is like sort
of a direct Coral area to like
BattleTech tabletops type stuff there's
like an audience so it's like is there
an audience for this is like not the
right question to
ask do if you have a passion for it
and you really want to do it you should
make videos that are as interesting to
other people translate like translate
that as they are to you to make if you
don't want to do it don't do it and just
give up your channel 9k Subs if you made
one good video on one Niche you would
have those subs back it is completely
and entirely possible to get 10K Subs in
one video on your first video on YouTube
today
easy um on the second channel the 1.7k
sub obviously all this is is 7x true
right um the way you say this is like
boyfriend ASMR is like 20 30X larger
than my BattleTech Channel like well
cool like you know Luton 09's Warhammer
Channel where he talks about whether the
emperor is a corpse God or not is doing
5,000 times better than the ASMR channel
does that mean that the
um Emperor corpse God genre is is the
place you need to be no right like the
dude's talking about something that he's
personally really passionate about and
so he's making videos that are really
interesting from that perspective so
this comes down to like what do you want
to do I don't care what Google Trend
says I don't because the total
addressable Market is something that you
can never capture anyway right I will
never capture the number of people that
care about marketing as it relates to
content creation specifically I will
never if I made it channel that was
like on almost anything I would just I
would just I would just never have that
capacity so so you can't look at things
in terms of their total search volume or
their total adustable Market in in order
to determine a channel this is so
unhealthy to approach a Channel with
because you will not really be doing
something that you actually personally
really care
about and for that reason you'll fail
like like the effort won't go into the
narrative the effort will go into the
analy which is what I'm seeing here
right I'm seeing like your your your
thumbnails are all the same well you you
put no effort into differentiating them
you put very little effort into
differentiating your
titles and yet you're putting so much
effort into the genre the niche the the
um the specific topic the like like that
sort of thing right
um there there's so much more you could
do in terms of like your competitive
analysis and like like your your just
the work you put in on your actual
videos right is is is this title
interesting is this narrative
interesting is my script interesting
like going through that right um and and
is this interesting to me yeah so start
there and then I I guess it goes on so
like the first idea I had was to
transition my battle check channel to my
main Channel I changed the Avatar to a
wolf person push female viewers there
yeah yeah this is just all like nonsense
um you don't push any viewers you don't
have any viewers you have 1K Subs like
that's that's just it's just not enough
of an and like a subscriber is not a
follower right like a subscriber like a
follower on Twitch or a subscriber on
YouTube these are not um customers
they're they're like you can you can
just discount it if if there's any any
channel Bel 10K I just discount and like
I would say it's 100K but like people be
like that's really controversial like if
it's not if you don't have 100K um you
don't have to worry about any kind of
Direction you could literally delete
every video on your channel um upload
totally do videos I'm I'm All About Cats
now I'm I'm the I'm cat Furies only all
day and that's all I do and everybody
like cool man because there isn't
everybody there's nobody there so like
like a thousand subscribers literally
translates into like you know um 30 to
40 consistent viewers and that's like
being like super generous like
maybe maybe maybe that much like
probably it's like 5 to 10 so the vast
majority of your audience just won't
care
[Music]
um the answer here is what do you want
to do why why like what what like and I
would say also like
um you should always build one channel
to the 100K to like 150k Mark before you
ever start doing like secondary or third
channels I I can't remember if you have
one that already is like that if you do
then like um you're at the 10050 50k
Mark like your one channel is like
killing it and you're kind of rolling
great okay um if that's happening then
diverge into one other channel and then
Focus really hard on that until you get
that to that same result don't do like
two channels and just comes down to your
passion man like do you want to do
vtuber like um I love the idea of
boyfriend ASMR that's like a really good
idea and I do think there's probably a
 ton of women that would love that
idea so so in terms of like total
addressable Market sure that's like
going to be the more successful one
obviously you already know that um but
like can you if you're super passionate
about battle Tech and tabletop and you
play it every day like can you develop
narratives that are really interesting
and get thousands thousands of views and
make a full-time Channel yeah absolutely
100% I I I would be I would be very hard
pressed to come across any genre that
doesn't have that capability when when
told in the right way it's just a focus
on the narrative so so it comes down to
your personal passion about what you
want to actually create and then maybe
you can kind of get back to me uh after
you sort of thought about that and say
okay this is what I actually
really want to do and then we can kind
of get into like okay what's the like
narrative and story that um like like
what I'm trying to say what I'm trying
to close up for this like everybody
listening like um nuclear rods and like
like Nuclear Physics or quantum physics
or like look at someone like kikos right
like the the the German channel that I'm
probably butchering the name of that
does stuff on like the end of the
universe and like weird uh aspects of
like what if everybody jumped at the
same time like like crazy like that
like nobody would ever ever think of is
is is immensely successful because it's
told through the funnel The Narrative of
of of a way that becomes interesting to
other people so I don't want you to
think in terms of like like the way that
people have taught you to think about
content creation as like What's the
total addressable Market how many people
are searching for this how many people
are viewing these channels right that
doesn't matter all that stuff goes away
when a good story is told and if a good
story is told a good narrative is there
then all those problems get
solved so that that I would just think
about like where do I want to start what
is a topic that I feel like I can create
a thousand videos on and and and I feel
like I can create it even if nobody
listens I genuinely feel like if I made
400 more videos about marketing or
whatever I I Lally don't care if
anyone's here I'll just do it
because I I just think they need to be
said and if there if I still have like
two people that are like yeah like great
okay right like don't don't care right
fantastic so that's the mindset I would
approach on what can you make like a
thousand videos about you know and and
then maybe like think about that come
back see if this resonates with you and
then we can sort of talk about okay
what's a good narrative structure to
build on to actually do this
thing and get this channel to be
successful regardless of like what the
topic
is okay this is a question that we can
we can get to pretty quick so ttin
Studio who is a Ting windows dude has
been here for quite a while awesome like
actually awesome
business has developed a lot says I'm
I'm writing out my window tensing course
and the focus is going to be on creating
a oneperson 100K plus tint business so
so the way I understand this is he's
making a course about how you as an
individual can start tting Windows
yourself and build up to 100K a year
it's absolutely great idea um it's a
super achievable goal yep agree it just
requires knowing more than just the
skill so we're going to lay out a
complete window tent business found with
practical things you need to know and
use to make that happen I have heard
your thoughts on monthly versus onetime
payments for courses and I'm kind of
stuck on what to charge for a onetime
larger payment keep in mind I have most
of the tools and supplies someone would
need to make a tent business and I
always toil around with making the
course free to everyone however I feel
like a lower barrier to entry is always
better that being said I have a
three-day inperson course that I charge
$15.99 that comes with a full
professional set of tools to take home
on top of being super
helpful s tier question man this
is this is this is a amazing question
question okay um I'll just give you the
objective answer and then we'll sort of
talk through it I think you can probably
charge around
$4.99 I'd say like like 299 to $499 and
I'm kind of going to caveat that is the
is the price range that I would go for
this particular thing when you are
developing a skill and then your upsell
is going to be selling the tools that
you have on your website these are the
things that you might need order are all
these with with the course that doesn't
come with the price right uh for a
serious skill now what's what's what's
differes that that $200 differential is
going to be do you have templates do you
have uh direct homework do you have
things that people can download PDF
assessments um do you have Financial
pnls do you have and you should right
for a good course you should have all
this sort of stuff locked in that like
there is nothing that that person
needs it's not just tting windows and I
think you've you've I've caught that you
know this because of just I'm reading
into how you wrote this that that you
like it requires knowing more than just
the skill that you know that there are
marketing aspects of this getting
customers um understanding your
financials understanding probably your
cost of good sold just some things that
are coming to mind are are things that
you need to master having
those accessories available within the
course to access for somebody to be an
entire solution to the problem is what
differentiates the 499 price tag from
the $299 price tag or even the $199
price tag I would not go below $200
so if you and I would encourage you to
build those accessories so you have an
entire solution it's easier to Market um
it's easy to write copy
for if you are intent on doing a monthly
course um we've talked about that in the
previous Mastermind and I know you know
some of the subjects
there I I just I I worry
that there isn't
enough ongoing content you can create at
some point
to justify like a $ to $50 a month fee
that really needs to be like two hours a
week or so of like extra stuff to really
justify
that and ideally like it needs to be
semi-personal like like Co like I would
say the Mastermind type of thing that we
do here where like you have the personal
option to talk to me every for as long
as you want really on Saturdays um or
write like questions or go back and
forth or whatever justifies like the $25
price tag um and you get about like for
people that are listening which is most
people they don't even like the vast
majority of people here and this will be
true for your course as well the vast
majority of people just don't directly
come out they just listen um and so
they're getting you know two to two and
a half hours a week of extra stuff
that's about right right um to to
justify that
value your challenge would be going
forward that's like what is the ongoing
value six months from now
a and and and then furthermore
like you also have to like bear the
burden of each one of those individuals
as they stay within your community and
provide them value perhaps individually
and so that quickly becomes timec
consuming and might not be where you
want to go it's far easier to just
charge a person a flat 500 get them out
into the world and and you Pro the
disadvantage there is that you probably
won't the reason I don't do that is
because I feel like
most people won't walk away from that
with actionable stuff even if you
provide everything right they just won't
do it um so I go the cheaper monthly
route because I just want people to
actually get reinforced every time they
listen to this and go out and do it so
but but but in terms of
profit um obviously the flat price is
way
better an in-person class at
$1599 doesn't come close to like the 299
price tager the 500 price tag
because it's just hard to
overstate how impactful inperson
training is when you go out and do
something for like three straight days
so so if you look at like Tony robbins's
cost structure where like his focus is
on Live Events and the Live Events often
cost around that range so like 1600
2,000
whatever for like a 3day 10hour a day
course like your flying there you're
completely immersed it's a totally
different experience and the amount of
effort that you personally have to put
in to do that is a totally different
experience that justifying a $1600 to
$2,000 price tag is way easier and and I
have no problem with that I would go up
to 5,000 on that for what you do but
when you're creating a digital
course and you're um building
something I I I don't I I like digitally
once you're done with the thing and
you've put the work in people are sort
of buying the summary of that total work
and so I don't think you have the same
like justification there are instances
where particularly for like very high
value skills that are extremely hard to
access which you almost kind of come
like T Windows is is a particular one
it's a very Niche thing if you provide
the total solution and you have
guarantees going up to like $1,000 to
$1,500
is actually like achievable on a digital
Goods product you just have to
understand that that changes your
customer demographic quite a bit and who
you're marketing to and that needs to be
reflected in like your paid ads so like
if your
funnel I know you your funnel personally
right now is like Facebook if you're
driving people into your course through
Facebook and you raise the price to that
level you will find that most of those
people will price out of that and they
won't be able to convert because just
most of the people that are coming in to
learn about t windows on Facebook just
aren't at that caliber of income because
most people aren't at that caliber so
you'd have to do things like advertise
like paid direct ads to
um people that are looking into small
business at high
income for example I might look at doing
a Tik Tok or uh Tik Tok and Google ads
placement in high tech City areas in
locals where I know there's been a lot
of layoffs lately and I might look at
Engineers or people that I think have
made
2 to 300K in the past and are between
tech jobs and I would reach out to those
people that they kind of want to like
make a a shift in their life right that
would be the demographic change that I
would make whereas on a 299 course or
any anything below $500 right like a
$499 course I would be using traditional
funnels like Facebook marketing or um
content creation to be able to get those
people
in so so so if you're okay with that
these are just like sort of the weights
that you have to evaluate like oh I
actually want to make a more premium
product that's it completely
encapsulates this I'll run paid ads I'll
Target towards these people um or
actually I want this to be more
accessible and I intend to upsell and
make a lot of money on tools or make a
lot of money on accessories that I don't
plan to put into the course I'll make
this a super entry course at
$199 that solves your problem slash you
have some
questions and then I'll build a
community around this to sort of fill in
those
holes those are sort of the the weights
that you want to
make for for me I I like total Solutions
so so like I want to if I'm going to
build a product ever I'm going to build
that product to completely solve a
problem so like the the thing I'm
building right now which is the twitch
price tracker is you just go in you put
in your Twitch Channel and it tells you
the number that you're worth and the
problem is solved no questions asked you
can go in you can uh click a bunch of
buttons I'm writing the copy for right
now and uh it'll tell you exactly what
we're doing but like you don't need to
know that and the vast majority of
people don't care so yeah that that
that's that's where I like complete
Solutions your answer is going to be
somewhere between that but what I would
say is like when you're selling a niche
product like
this you kind of have something special
not a lot of people are going to be
competing with
you and so going bigger into like a more
complete solution and raising that price
tag often times is the better
decision for like when you Niche out
like I think of like Crismon command at
the $500 price tag there are like tons
of self-improvement courses on all kinds
of things but because they niched into
like the particular aspect of Charisma
and the day-to-day interactions of
getting people to like you more they
were able to charge more of a premium
successfully and so I I love the premise
I I think you thought through it really
well so so you've made no mistakes at
all it's just
a uh it's just a weighing game uh of of
like what kind of customer do you want
and what do you want their outcome to be
and hopefully structuring this talk in
that way got you partway there and we
can follow
up
if I do include physical starter set
tools with the course should I also have
an online only option yeah
so I I wouldn't build any version of a
digital product that
requires physical things to be
sent that might just there's so many
reasons why first reason might just be
inventory problems Supply problems right
you may not always have that supply
chain active but you will always have a
digital supply chain active I don't like
I don't like combining physical and
digital Goods they're two really
different sets of problems to solve when
you're selling physical Goods youve got
to worry about supply chain you've got
to worry about cogs you've got to worry
about um Quality you've got to worry
about consistency you've got to worry
about shipping you've got to worry
there's so many things right and by
building a digital product that then
includes a small aspect of the physical
product you automatically inherit all of
those demons versus
selling
the digital version of the product and
then having the option to buy the
physical tools you could easily just say
hey sorry we're still out of those right
now too bad here's like another place
you can kind of get those and that's not
the end of the world and people will
still buy your course but if something
happens to your supply chain on the
physical side and your digital goods are
included in it you are now required to
shut down the digital side of your
product and justify it which is a
nightmare so don't do that
um
have the digital
products as the a as the
product and and and then the other stuff
is just accessories and Extras and stuff
like that as you want to go
along
yeah there's also a couple of um there
there's also a couple of things there
too which is to which is to say that
like by asking a person to do something
in the physical world you're committing
them to
something different from making a choice
digitally now now if you want to onboard
somebody more sincerely like you want
somebody to be bought in more like like
let me just give go back to the fitness
example like if I give you a product
that that I'm going to get you shredded
in 90
days and it's a full digital solution it
has like here's like your macronutrient
counts here's what you eat here's the
workouts you're going to do that's very
different
than shipping you a barbell and that's
very very different than show up at this
gym or buy this gym equipment and put it
in your house right and I think those
need to be three separate marketing
strategies because although I will get
the highest amount of commitment from
the person that buys the and puts
it in their house I'm alienating
everyone else that doesn't want to do
that so it's much which is most people
so it's much better to do the to give
the option
of here is the digital product in its
entirety
um and here are the options to to work
here are the physical things you would
need to get this business started and
and like the other thing is like well
why do I need to buy your products like
maybe I want to buy something from this
person this local like just just there's
too much trouble right so I think we've
answer the question hopefully those are
enough things to convince you to not do
that um and then thank you for your
question
Cool okay that's actually all of the ask
Mastermind questions I didn't think we
get through all of them and do the talks
it's been an hour and a half straight of
talking uh I will invite anybody live um
to talk about anything they want to talk
about especially if it's time sensitive
or we can close it there and I'm happy
with that too I think it's been a
fantastic episode so far whatever people
want to
do actually got one not really a
question more of like a a followup to
the very first thing you were talking
about like being a top one
percenter
um yeah so uh I basically I agree with
everything
um uh I gym every day read books once a
month basically everything you said I do
right
now when I started this journey there
was one thing nobody warned me about is
uh when you are the
1%
people
like I don't know how to just like uh
your old friends and family will resent
you for it um you'll have a hard time
relating to people um even when you have
a conversation with normal people
they'll they'll either look at you with
awe or they'll look at you with contempt
it's hard to find
friends um and then the old friends that
you did know you'll find that all they
do is kind of complain about now
it's it's like uh it's Lonely at the Top
man that's all I'll say so if you if you
do embark on that Journey um just be
ready for that is all I wanna all I want
to say with that if if if you want to
add on that or if you've had the same
experience it's a great comment um to
 man because okay I always want to
avoid like I'm always careful it's like
am I just in the sigma male mindset of
like I'm actually like not this like
person and and
um uh I and like I'm projecting this
onto other people but then I like look
at it I'm like wait no no I'm a
multimillionaire like my my girl's super
hot like I deadli like 300
pounds like no I'm objectively this
person okay so so like you have to I
look at it that way right but um
everything you
said is is is is incredibly true in my
experience um I have I have zero people
I talk to from high school zero people I
talk to from college I come from an
affluent family so so they rode the
train with me and and my mom and dad
totally understand the game um that's
luck though right uh because to your
point if you are not in that family that
gets that they will alienate you um and
it doesn't have to be like like one of
the most simple ones is if you are in a
family of people or you know someone
like this that
has been historically overweight and
then you decide to lose weight
gear up it is going to be a a slog the
entire way through why like you you're
just Skin and Bones especially in
European families and like like um uh
like like European like yeah like you're
just skting bones you need to eat more
like like why do you do this like oh
like you're probably hurting yourself on
on on passive aggressive comments you
have to prepare your entire life for
that yes like the thing I would caution
people in is
and and the thing I I I really worry
about is like be very careful be be sure
that like if you're in the top
1% a and and you describe it that way
you need to be very sure that the things
in your life support that mindset
because there's a there's a delusion you
can get into and I've been there
um I I I I think I had I had a period at
CLG when I was running CLG where I I I
was really way bigger than my brides and
I and I thought like I was just like
total badass but like was I wasn't like
really and and and and the effect was I
came off as really arrogant and I came
off as as
um like like to me it appeared like I
was in like that top 1% of like
performers of the big CEO whatever but
like actually I wasn't so so you have to
be really sure you live that way and you
can objectively point to things in your
life that that that that are that way
generally like objective things like
You're
um the the type of business you're
running the number of people that you're
and responsibilities that you
have and you need to keep that humility
if you are tracking by that and now you
are experiencing these problems that
that is definitely a reality of that
climb um it's just that I think that a
lot of people think that they're
experiencing those problems but actually
it's just because they see themselves as
over people um and that you know some of
my most interesting conversations with
people are like when I
volunteer uh I volunteer weekly with a
thing I don't want to talk more about it
but it's like the thing I do and like um
some of their very you can find those
interesting places but
certainly there's going to be a a huge
number of toxic people or people you
didn't realize were toxic or you were
toxic at a
time I that that that you just have to
alienate or get out of your life it's
going to be a really difficult and long
process cuz again I completely agree
with everything that was said there um
particularly though I I
think the people that are that are you
know at a certain income level or
um at a certain point in their
life generally are there because of the
seeds they have planted mentally
physically
financially and
so one of the
consistent
um traits of people like that is that
they constantly victimize and blame
other people and them and anyone but
themselves a and so I've been that
person maybe the people listening are
that person right now like maybe you're
with a lot of people like that and
you're trying to kind of Escape
that one of the first things you'll
notice is
is you are a lot more
positive about things like like just
just objectively you're talking about
positive things um you're kind of
excited about your
PRS and you're like you feel really good
about the food you ate um you read a
really good book and you want to talk
about it and it can be really
frustrating because like someone's like
yeah dude no like my my my job blows
like you have to understand that like
maybe that person that's working like a
9in to5 like gets home when it's dark
uh has like literally no time to
themselves and is just miserable and
then like that's
where you you you'll feel that sense of
like I have nothing in common with this
person and I've tried to get to the
point where I can really be empathetic
and compassionate to that that that
those Journeys and those struggles are
are are are super hard and
um rather than
like
feeling like that person is toxic or
negative and doesn't benefit me
um I I try to be really compassionate
and I'm still bad at
this but with a caveat that and and I
don't maybe it's a bad thing to say I
don't know another way around it if
they're consistently putting that
negative Juju into your life I I still
cut him out that's just that's just
that's just this is where I'm at I still
cut him out
out because that will that like you know
there it is such a thing that like the
drowning
victim will um will bring you down
yeah that was actually uh going to be
the next question I had like
um do you have a hard time like it's not
even it's not even about being arrogant
or whatever it's more like
um not being able to relate to the
average per like I'll go to coffee or
something they'll complaining about
their rent bro I don't give a
they'll complain about this electoral
thing like bro I don't give a and
then it's like or they complain about
their problems and it's I'm
finding it difficult to I don't really
care about the old friendships I can cut
those out but I'm finding it difficult
to build new friendships because I'm
actually I'm super good at meeting new
people um but I just have nothing in
common with anybody it seems like
because it's
just I don't know yeah it's like they'll
they'll go to their 9o5 come home and
just like just as you were saying
so I'm like oh can't really talk to this
person so like what's the what's the
what's the solution to that other than
like this literally the reason why I
joined this Mastermind by the way
because I'm like all right this is
getting ridiculous I can't
really you know what I'm saying is is it
is the answer just like digital friends
or like that's like I don't you know
what I'm saying are you um what my
question would be like what is the what
is the separation
um are you a like high income earner or
or like um are you really popular like
what what is what is going on here
that's separating you from other people
do you
think uh everything I would say physical
fitness um place in life yeah
income uh are you like are you making
like 4K a year are you making like no no
yeah yeah yeah around there around there
yeah 300 yeah yeah so you're you're in a
pretty exceptional Cate that's like top
1% for sure
um and on top of that you're you you're
pay attention to your physical fitness
and like so so are you run your own
business or yeah I'm I'm pretty jacked I
eat uh like I know I know I know it's
just it's a stupid thing to say but and
then yeah eat homecooked meals I it's
all organic I'm like obsessed with like
blood labs and all that all the
same you talking about like you'll
you'll post like a blood labs has like
one view like that's me I'm going the
whole way
through yeah it's brutal dude I can't
talk to anybody about anything right um
other than women are a bit better I find
because they're
um they're a bit more happy dappy but
like dudes I'm 37 so dudes around my age
are just like insufferable insufferable
to be around unless like I got this one
buddy who's a streamer who's like a
millionaire and he's super fun to hang
out with because he doesn't have
the same issues that normal people are
GNA say I know exactly what you're
saying so so I I mean I have exactly the
same situation going pretty much like
down to the wire um
the it comes down
to I don't I have like maybe one or two
people in like the real physical world
that I can really relate to on a regular
basis in in terms of
friendships is it is exceptionally
difficult and
um I'm not actively seeking to try to
find more of those people in my like
physical life instead
I'm trying to surround myself
with yeah I guess it's going to sound
dumb but and this is is probably like a
really specific problem um but like I'm
trying to surround myself with people
who are more successful than me
digitally who create content so like I
will listen to a lot of videos and I'll
listen to a lot of things from people
like Tim Ferris or Andrew hberman or Joe
Rogan or people that I personally admire
for different things that I think are
accomplishing really great things in
their
life and
that is not as great as like having like
a like a wide group of success friends
that are
um really getting after
it but but it's it's enough and then I I
try
to find relationships in my life which
everybody can do that really fulfill me
in other
ways um that like I try to get like my
business stuff and My Success stuff and
all that stuff out of my system through
those channels and then like personal
fulfillment comes from hanging out with
like specific people that that just have
attributes just have like really good
energy and Good Vibes they and and and
like finding those people there those
people are
everywhere um the vast majority of
people are are are going to be a drain
on you personally unfortunately at your
income level and and your success level
and it that's just sort of the reality
of it and and
um at some point you have to look within
yourself and decide yes or no question
which is do you feel like you have an
obligation eventually to help Whi other
people up to that level in a non
arrogant way like we're dancing around
the subject of of of like and that's
where I got to right which is that um if
I meet someone who is
substantially miserable either because
of their 9 to5 or um whatever the hell
it is right um I I will I will try to to
develop their mindset for it in so much
as they want to receive that and if they
don't want to hear it at all and they
and they don't want any of that that's
cool that's just probably a person that
I I I I I can't interact with on a
regular basis so so um I I would make it
there's a there's a and then even then
you can only donate so much of your
energy to that right like
um but it but but it will make you feel
better make you feel more fulfilled to
donate a certain amount of your energy
to it whether it be in like physical
fitness or or or financial income or any
category right um everybody is trying to
become successful and and more than what
they are at some level and so as as long
as you can relate in that way and you
think you have something to contribute
because you have gone through the the
difficult steps of that Mastery you have
something to add um I don't know if
that's like a good answer because it's a
really really hard problem and it's one
that like most people will never really
have to think about or deal with um but
like what I'll say for people that are
listening because I always try to bring
it back to to that you'll encounter this
in like really subtle ways quickly even
if you try to do one thing positive and
talk about it especially with like
parents that have been historically
negative or like siblings that's a major
one um a good friend of mine has a
sibling that just does not want her to
succeed because she would see that as
sort of like a direct threat to what her
job and her career is like it's really
hard to imagine that like your mom or
your sister or your brother or your dad
don't want your success they do right
like they they do but they're so tied up
with their own demons that they they
they they can't see that that path for
you through through the forest so once
you understand that you you embarking on
this journey have to realize that you're
actually pretty much a soul act what
like nobody if you're you're if you're
very lucky somebody that you love and
somebody that you respect will be there
uh and will be like this is
awesome keep going and and if you find
that then like hold on to that and one's
enough like one or two of those people
in your life I think is more than enough
right like you don't need a a diverse
social group of like 15 of those people
um the most of us at that level of
income are like narcissists or like kind
of like insufferable people to be around
for too long um so you don't want the
number of people anyway but like the
myself included um but but like if if
you can and if you can't find that
that's where I would go like do the
Mastermind type stuff try to find people
that are like really interested in
success and meet to talk about it and um
and are willing to like approach those
conversations that way that that's the
direction I would
go actually haven't tried that that's a
really good recommendation I think I
have just a guy too okay that's that's
avoiding that for the most part because
uh I don't want to waste my time on
people that don't want to listen and
 but yeah um actually putting in a
little bit more effort to help somebody
that's a yeah have not tried that that's
really good thank you yeah and it
doesn't have to be like it can be like
really um objective so like for example
like just volunteering at a gym or like
one of the things that I've done in the
past I'm not in the program right now um
but I I've been in it most of my life as
the Big Brother program and I i' I've
gotten so much value from that where uh
you essentially sponsor a kid for an
amount of time um and and and there's a
little bit of like like Finance like
you're buying them like arcade tickets
and it's not like that bad um but you're
Bas usually these kids always these kids
are people that are um didn't have dads
or or got cast out or orphans or things
like that and you just have the
opportunity to be their big brother for
a while like few months or it's like 3
to six months sometimes I've had an
incredible amount of value from that um
there's a lot of like places especially
if you live in like a city where you can
start to to help in that way um so it
might it may not necess and you'll just
you it'll be a different feel um when
you're at this level you have to start
really looking towards philanthropy and
really looking towards giving back to
find that contribution which is why so
many people do it right like like so
there's so many wealthy people determine
that it's like oh I've got to do
something and even people that it seem
like um they they are of that caliber
like often doing stuff on the side um
thinking about how you can start giving
back in like really simple ways it will
be really productive and it will start
to fill out it'll it'll like it won't
feel as odd like when you're when you're
out for coffee with someone and they're
like talking about their job and you're
just like oh my God this again like and
you know in your head like you can
actually piece together the things they
could do to just like improve their wife
a little and it's driving you crazy that
type of relationship feels very
different when you're in service to
those people for something that like
that person really needs help you're
volunteering to give them food you're
you're you're you're there for them in a
compassionate way and changing the angle
on that relationship can be really
really valuable it it can make the whole
situation feel way better and and you
walk away from it
feeling much better about your sort of
position relation to them because you're
not just like this sort of conduit to
hear them about stuff you're
actually like in service doing real work
for them and that matters and so looking
into those opportunities more I I I
would heavily encourage and I think
it'll like really unlock like a new
thing for
you I'll totally give that a shot and
report back in a couple of weeks that'd
be awesome yeah please do yeah that's
great
all right cool
um if there's is there anything else uh
anybody wants to go over
or cool all right um yeah it's getting
late anyway so I'll close it off by just
saying um kind of like circling it back
around I I I I really like
these I I I really like these
masterminds I I think they've gone like
exactly the direction that I I hope they
would
and I want to do every like five or 10
of these are going to be like more broad
topics like this
um I hope that people that are listening
to this uh at least gave the the first
part of it a shot and listen to those
pillars of things that you can do and
and I hope you realize how accessible
they are if you're listening to this
that um none of that stuff is outside
the reach of any person it's it's just
it's so crazy today how like little
effort
is but how little the the level that
needs to be done is to to to to get to a
place where like most people just are
completely too late to do again because
we're just so absorbed with Comfort
we're we're we're we're so absorbed with
um doing nothing difficult that that
that that to even take an effort to do
that a little bit we we'll put you in
literally another class of person I hope
people do some thinking about that and
and tell me the results but yeah that's
Mastermind 40 I I hope this serve people
and thank you guys for coming out really
appreciate it so I'll see you guys again
next time it's every Saturday at 3
PM PST yeah that's right all right
thanks everybody see you next
time all right that's Mastermind 40
again thank you everybody for coming
out that was a good one I I I'm really
happy with the way that went and and um
you know you you can direct the course
of these as well if people want to see
more about marketing or more about
business or um more about purpose more
about life just message me on patreon
and let me know what direction you want
to go and we'll talk about it um these
are the I'm here for you you know um
these are I know the vast majority of
people prefer to listen I know it's kind
of scary to to sometimes to kind of go
out and approach these topics yourself
and I get that but you know that's why I
created The Mastermind as Devon Channel
like you can all always always use that
channel to just post your question and
I'll answer you directly here um no
interaction needed but if you do want to
interact I'll be here every Saturday and
I'll chat with you uh and hopefully I
can help in some way thanks everybody
I'll see you again next time thanks for
coming out for Mastermind 40 bye
