hello so we were asked by patreon to do
a deeply technical video on employees
and contractors and volunteers
everything you need to know that's what
this video is
so first caveat is
uh the notepad
i
am not
a financial advisor
job advisor or any sort of guy
you can sue
for this information which is
educational only okay let's start there
so
the uh knowledge that i picked up as a
result of this is
from running businesses for a bunch of
years
and is reliable
only to the extent to which i understand
it
so if you want an expert on this and
you're running a pretty serious business
consider a cpa tax attorney something
like that
i've never used one because i think this
information is pretty straightforward
but um you know your mileage may vary
also it's in the context of like what
i'm doing too right so i'm in esports
agency world
where
the lines are a lot more blurred
so that said we've got uh three types of
classifications what i want to do here
is not just give you the technical
information but kind of also tell you at
what levels of business you might want
to consider using each of these and
let's begin got volunteers we've got
1099 contractors
and we have employees also known as w-2
so i'll just put that here
so
real quickly overview of all three
volunteers a person who will do
something for you for no money this can
also include interns
a 1099 contractor is a person that you
make a separate agreement with
either
written or just verbally and you pay
them to do something uh a true 1099
contract is call it 1099 because the
1099 is the u.s form that you have to
submit to the irs
that's the tax form
if you have paid a contractor more than
six hundred dollars a year so if you've
paid account uh you do not have to
submit a form
uh as at the time of this recording uh
if you have paid less than six hundred
dollars a year to anybody um but if you
do you need a 1099 them 10.99 makes them
a contractor works for you a w-2 is a
person under an employment agreement and
is a person that you submit a w-2 for
the
implications around having an employer
are important to understand and be on
the scope of this video but if you have
a full-time employee there's a lot of
stuff you have to do that you don't have
to do on these other two
and for that reason i usually stick
around with these tiers so i want to go
step by step and kind of talk about how
i utilize these in a business that does
um
a multi-million-dollar business that
does
decent arr and um
how i've used them in the past and
businesses like that
and how i've used them in small
businesses because i haven't just run
businesses like that so run businesses
at all bubbles so volunteer and intern
not all levels i've run a fortune 500
i don't know maybe twitch keeps asking
okay so like a fortune uh so uh
outside of the fortune 500 talk
volunteers and interns uh let's start
there so
uh i
have a hot take to begin this video i
freaking hate interns i i will never
hire them i i get hundreds and hundreds
of requests for interns i think interns
are a horrible idea for your business
especially if you are starting your
business a lot of people think that
their first hire or their first on uh
take on should be an intern this is a
huge mistake because interns require a
ton of infrastructure so
i view interns as an opportunity for
someone to come in
learn from you for free on how to
compete with you and then leave and do
very little since they can always
justify the roi they produce against
being an intern so i think that um i
have a it's funny too because i have a
lot of videos on why you should work for
free so i think if you can be an intern
that's great right
like if you can go to a company learn
everything they have to teach you and
you can do that for free and you're
financially sustainable outside of that
for some determined amount of time it
takes you to do that and you can
increase your own value as a human being
fantastic if you are a business owner or
a person who get interns is bad because
if i can't pay a person i can't hold
them accountable this has been a huge
issue for me in the past in business
i have had many interns and particularly
the esports world interns are popular
you have interns all the time and every
single one of them has underperformed
and i feel like i can't pull them into
my office and say look like what are
your established kpis because ultimately
i'm not paying that person that
transactional value isn't there in their
mind there's that that roi isn't there
in their mind whereas if i pay a person
either as a contractor or a w-2 what i
can do is i can assign them kpis the
kpis are key performance indicators
and it means um
they are objectives that
i really want somebody to understand or
do to get to
a point in time where they're like
succeeding at like what we can both kind
of like evaluate their success so if i
look at like any kind of job that i've
ever done um you know i can pull up some
google docs which i'll do now of it's
gonna look weird in the context of like
this unedited video but it's patreon so
whatever um you know people just deal
with it here but i'm gonna look for some
some people that i've hired
i don't know let's do
like a video editor position
and see
what that is
that's a guide
content editor
maybe i'll look for like sales
there we go
so here's an example of what i mean
um
this is my outbound sales specialist
position that i hire for novo
and
you can see the core objectives here
are generate leads via outreach to
potential partners in multiple
industries create new partnerships with
new and existing brands and clients for
w-2 employee by the way maintain each
deal and a crm so i can get really
really gnarly specific with these deals
um so i can say uh how you craft
correspondence i can dictate success
based on like
okay i think that
like generate leads via outreach to
potential partners in multiple
industries and then once i actually hire
this person we figure out what that
looks like so is that five is that ten
outreaches is that generally i consider
five outreaches a day and for sales five
outreaches a day and one solid closed
deal per month is a great kp a set of
kpis so i can assign w2 people this
that's great right um but if i have an
intern sure i can do the same thing i
could hold them to that but what really
do i have on them right like if i'm not
it's a commitment thing if they're if
they're not committed to the business
because i'm not paying them i'm not
committed to them because they're not
here forever then like what have we got
right it's kind of like um having a
weird side chick right with like no
expectations like it's it's just it's
just it's not like as rewarding a
relationship is like when you make some
commitments and put some stuff down on
paper so for that reason i don't like
volunteers and interns i also really
don't like spiritually the idea of
paying a person nothing to do something
i think that's not good i think that a
lot of people use interns and volunteers
and burn them out and don't teach them
and that people that are trying to
become volunteers and interns they'd be
very aware of this and they need to be
guarded with what kind of
peop
what kind of businesses that they join
and they should be very communicative to
those businesses on like what do i have
to gain here if i work hard and i'm here
is there some kind of paid position down
the funnel or what do i have to learn
like for what i'm giving up which is
like my time and effort here for free
that's a question that you have the
right to ask as an intern and you need
to be really careful with because i
think a lot of companies burn interns
and volunteers as
um
ammo basically in like the fire of like
just grinding out some like useless
tasks or stuff uh like this is
potential this is particularly relevant
in like traditional businesses lawyer
offices things like that um interns get
a pretty hard rap like doing the same
thing over and over again and they'll
particularly learn for maybe the the
sort of like distant promise of like
some kind of promotion um on like
uncertain kpis so i don't like interns
um i just i just don't like the idea of
it on either side usually
ignore my steam new world um
because i was bringing back up my notes
so
1099 contractors move on to that so
tonight contractors are great uh i use
contractors for almost everything
um
anything that has to do
with graphics design any services pr and
marketing um external and third-party
services are great for contractors video
editing um help with content thumbnail
design all that is really good uh for
contractors this is generally research
teams so this is generally um
any there's a couple of categories where
i think qualifies for contractors um
and and and then we're going to talk
about the difference between tenant and
w2 contractors but our contractors and
w-2 employees so this is anything i
can't
uh hit over the net or anything i can
hit
over the net
that's
less than 30 hours a week which
basically means like can i solve the
problem for less than 30 hours a week
great otherwise i need an employee you
would be surprised how many problems you
can solve for less than 30 hours a week
you can solve most problems the only
ones you can't are like sales biz dev
and then like you know on from there
most of the most ones you can solve
contractors at um 30 hours a week so
like if i can do less than that uh these
are like third-party services so
anything to do with like gfx design
thumbnails
content creation help
um
promotion right so like a lot of people
that are content creators or business
owners don't realize they can just like
hire somebody on contract to like do
their promotion
and typically these will be people that
i do flat dollar per hour
for
or per project basis
and i actually don't physically contract
most of my contractors or any of them um
just because
if i were to do projects that were
several thousand dollars in scope i
would then do that but because like most
of my stuff is like 35 to 100 an hour or
like um per project basis just like 100
dollars to like 500 per project i don't
really sweat it
um
contracting wise there's like just not a
lot of ways that can bite you if i pay
for the service and the service is
rendered um i do everything through
paypal for contractors
on a business account that i only use
for business
and uh as long as those services are
rendered slash uh i pay for it there's
no real problem there and i've actually
never like literally never run into a
problem with contractors out of the
probably hundreds that i've worked with
um through various businesses or like
directly works with dozens and dozens
but like hundreds otherwise
i've never run into a problem with that
so um with contractors you want to keep
your expectations very clear um
much of the skill of hiring contractors
is in the way that you communicate with
them and like how
you you communicate so you want to like
really bullet point and understand what
you're after and what your outcomes are
before you communicate with contractors
contractors are inherently going to be
less dedicated to your business than
your staff is because they're employed
they're they're not staff they're not
employees they're not like directly tied
to it um so you should come in with the
expectation that your contractor doesn't
owe you anything but the service they're
providing don't ask them for extra [ __ ]
don't ask them for stuff that's like
they're not gonna do for free and be
very rewarding with your contractors i
tip my contractors always if i think
they do very fast work or just at random
like i'll just literally add 15 to 20
um on top of something if i think that
that they warrant it for whatever reason
arbitrarily um overpaying contractors
promising an hour rate and then paying
past that the other thing i try to do
too is um
i will set an expectation with a
contractor with the idea that they're
going to get paid more and then try to
stay with that so like a good example is
that like um
it used to be that my thumbnails that i
paid for were ten dollars per thumbnail
now they're closer to 30. um just
because like the patreon has happened
the business has evolved and you know
the so thumbnail people are more
rewarded there's also a system in place
now where um in our discord chat you can
submit a second thumbnail so like let's
say that one person
sent four people send thumbnails in
if uh we select one we pay that person
but the one we don't select that's the
next runner-up we also pay like that
person half the rate so that's just like
an example of like taking care of
contractors in a good way and i just
like i try not to hold them to any
expectations i i think i can fail at
this sometimes but like i don't want
them to do work for free at all that's
not like paid in some way or supported
in some way i also try to give them
other benefits like for example all of
my con most of my contractors all of my
contractors that are through novo also
have access to like all this content at
patreon things like that like anything i
can provide them and i also like
frequently make connections for them or
like we'll reference them or add them on
resumes things like that so any kind of
value i can provide to contractors is
good um
i will
use contractors for everything and i
will like just i'll just like everything
from like emote artists like to
everything i can possibly use
contractors are like the sort of the
foundational backbone and i'll try to
find very competent contractors that i
can go back and forth on and um
contracting is just a process of just
like continuously
um
continuously like
vetting people and not being afraid to
say like hey we just can't work together
um your work isn't up to par i found
better people sometimes you should just
just bring new people in just to shake
things up um and people will just um
attrition out like like just just over
time get busy with other things or
whatever um get involved in our projects
and some of your best contractors you
can also move to w-2 which we should
talk about now
so the difference between a w-2 employee
and a
not w-2 employee um which is a
contractor would be easily explained
through the irs
and actually the irs is a great resource
for these kind of things because a lot
of people are asking me well how do i
know
what is a contractor and what is a
employee and so there's some common law
rules which they they won't necessarily
solve the problem 100 but they're
they're uh they're very straightforward
so for example there's three different
overviews of control and you can click
on each one of these to kind of um
figure out specifically what they are
but in general does the company have
control or right to control what the
worker does and how does the worker do
their job so that would be a case for an
employee
are the business aspects of the worker's
job controlled by the payer including
things like how the worker is paid
expenses are reimbursed or what tools
are supplied and are there written
contracts or employee type benefits
pension plans insurance vacation paid
that will the relationship continue if
the work is performed uh and is the work
performed a key aspect of the business
right so a business basically has to
make a sort of subjective evaluation of
whether this is an employee or not and
at some point like if you're employing a
person at like 30 to 40 hours a week as
a contractor they're almost inevitably
going to be an employee um i usually
employ contractors at like a maximum of
i'd say five to ten hours a week i think
even that's like pushing it so a couple
hours a week per contractor for whatever
um
i also like to use third party services
so i will contract businesses so for
example like one the thing i do on and
off in my life is um i contract
outsourcing firms like uh people that
are in india or um actually pretty much
just india that will just do random
things like find me a pair of pants that
i really like you know things like that
like i'll outsource for that kind of
stuff
um
so you can
leverage businesses that do this as well
and um
one thing with contractors that i really
challenge you to think about
is just the sheer amount of possibility
with them i think is um
underestimated
uh
like
a lot
so
i think that most people think of
contractors as like okay well yeah sure
they can do like my graphics design but
like really
any third-party service can be a
contractor um i use contractors all the
time for things around the house for
things like i use thumbtack uh for
moving stuff uh i paid i paid a
contractor once to stand in line for me
at aquaman um so i didn't have to wait
two hours at the theater so i drove down
down to seattle and uh like 15 minutes
before and then i just took his place in
line and walked into the front seat that
was great saved two hours of my time
cost me like 35 bucks super worth it
right so like um there's different and
then maybe like a more of like a
business application can you pay for
marketing can you pay for promotion can
you pay for someone to like just go
around on reddit and post [ __ ] for you
like that kind of stuff there's all
kinds of possibilities that you can pay
contractors for and like it's worth it
for you to like sit down and say how am
i like okay i've got this like budget
that i'm spending on my business or
potentially i could spend some money on
my business like how would i do it and i
think one of the most effective ways to
do that is to think about how you can
utilize contractors
i think it's really great so uh for w2s
um
what what like what at what point like
w-2 employs once you've like reviewed
the irs stuff you say okay i've got a
w-2 now what i could make a entire
course or series on like how to take
care of employees and it's like way
beyond the scope of this video
for sure but um suffice to say that like
there's a couple of things i would say
the the number one is
clear communication and expectations of
role um this person should be doing
something objective that you can track
and measure
uh every day
and you should have a one six three and
six month plan
with this person i say with and not four
important right uh important
connecting word because if you have a
one or three or six month plan for this
person this implies that this person is
like your staff or or someone that works
for you i don't like that terminology
and i don't view any of my staff
relationships like that i think that we
work together or i work for them and i'm
not just saying that as like a woke
silicon valley ceo i'm saying that in
like a literal sense that i am in
service to that person that person is
choosing to spend their time money and
energy in my company and um i
need to be available to them to
accomplish those objectives right so my
job as a c-level executive is to
facilitate their job and to make it as
easy as possible and be there to solve
problems that they feel might be out of
spec um and then to give them absolute
freedom and ownership to do the rest so
when i say you have a one to three and
six month plan for
with that person i mean that you have
sat down and you've both determined
those goals so like for example like the
five outreaches a day that i have for
salespeople are not arbitrary that's a
number that i worked out with like each
of them by asking the question what do
you think is realistic to accomplish our
goals here um i that often is paired
with things like commission structure or
like aggressive structures of like
providing extra value so like for
example if um my sales people are making
more aggressive commissions it's an
easier conversation to say like what are
your expectations and you you'd be
surprised like people aren't joining
companies and they aren't
usually picking a job especially a job
in like um like the the world that we're
in
because they want a easy way out um or
you know people go work at like a middle
level microsoft
you know like
like middle level like large companies
to to like avoid work and oftentimes
fail like because there's some really
high-powered teams in those in those
companies right
there's plenty of different ways to
avoid work and most of those people
aren't at this level you can like you
can expect that like your staff is going
to be motivated and and really want to
perform for the company as long as the
incentive is there to do better but like
if you play them like a flat rate with
um no means of like going upward or
promotion or potential and then are
surprised when
their
expectations of their position are lower
like you shouldn't be surprised by that
and you get out of it what you put into
it so with w-2 employees queer
communication expectation of the role is
really good um the kpis that i mentioned
before
and then just kind of like tracking and
really monitoring there's a lot of like
i i think that like
10 to 20 depends on the industry you're
in is like coaching so you should be in
a position where you're trying to make
that person better um i think some of
the most valuable staff that i've ever
had
was like i go back to i think probably
the number one
was a lady at clg who started off as a
social media person and now runs
marketing for 100 thieves that's like an
enormous accomplishment and so she did
that herself but i had some you know
tiny percentage of the catalyst there
that i earned right by just like trying
to facilitate that person's growth and
development and i would hope to be in
that position for w-2 employees if
you're starting to see that having a w-2
employee
is a very
large commitment and requires a lot of
time and energy
you are right because and this goes all
the way back full circle to why i really
do not like working with interns because
if i have a w-2 employee who i'm paying
competitively and who is set to that
expectation um we should be in an
evolving relationship that is is is like
growing in the way that i'm talking
about i do not want to do this kind of
work for an intern i don't want to like
like set up all those expectations and
like um just for them to you know leave
or have no guarantee or no like
attachment to the business i don't like
that you could say employees could leave
too
it's harder though uh i it like it takes
a lot more for an employee to like want
to leave a job and you usually have to
be doing something wrong as a leader to
facilitate that not always but but
usually so with a w-2 employee um
the the thing that i'm trying to
tell you here is that like you're
committing a lot to this and you really
need that to be sure that that person is
taken care of and is um going to really
be on their [ __ ] and you need to be
really sure that you need that person a
really classic problem at all levels of
business is that people just hire people
because they're trying to solve a
problem or they read some business book
where they were like you know focus on
your strengths not on your weaknesses
well i need to hire someone for my
weaknesses i'm not good at sales so i
need to hire somebody for that
well
you better get good at sales
if you're running a business right
i i have a uh robust sales team like
right now i've got uh three people on it
um and and they're all dr they all dr to
me right uh but still
the um i do my own sales all the time i
outreach the people on linkedin um i
don't particularly think i'm that great
at sales uh but but it doesn't matter
like i need to be in the game right um
and if you're hiring somebody because
you are just like
you're trying to avoid doing some form
of work or some thing in your your
business that is probably the thing you
should be doing and understanding i um
similarly like like you know a lot of
people like some of their first hires in
business are like a finance guy right um
you should really understand your own
finances you should really understand
your own balance sheet how to read it
and how to do it you can contract
bookkeeping services for example for
like 125 150 a month that's a good use
of your of your money but like
understand
how
your business works before you're
farming that out
so what else on employees like um
generally speaking you also need to do a
back-end calculation on an employee
where
the value that employee is take the
total salary
and then add like 40 to it for your own
time energy and effort that's like the
sort of arbitrary or subjective value of
that relationship the cost of it not
value cost of it does that make sense
sorry so like
take you pay that person 40 000 a year
okay well
let's just tack on an extra like 10 to
15k
because that's the time
investment the cost of you training that
person being with that person
um
on a weekly basis developing their kpis
developing them listening to their
complaints right all that stuff
uh and and and building a real
relationship with them
take that whole cost
and then throw it against what
roi they're providing for the company
if you are on your first 10 employees in
a company and you cannot objectively
prove your your you cannot objectively
prove their roi so by objectively i mean
that on a piece of paper you can map out
how much they're making you so if you
pay a person 40k a year and you cannot
math out how that person is making you
80 or 100 or 150 in real revenue you are
screwing up and you you have employees
that aren't doing good for you that's
not good so
um that's not is it you may find that
it's very easy to hear me say that right
and it makes sense well every employee
in a company is going to be making more
money than they're they're losing how
hard can that be it's hard right um in a
particular company i had two secretaries
who were really involved in the culture
of the company they were there for a
long time um
they didn't really put the hours in at
work and like a really simple math
equation when i came into that company
to evaluate it was these two people are
costing you a combined 80k a year and
their actual value is like maybe five
thousand dollars a year to the company
so it's not just that like
like people might i think people are
gonna skip like gloss over this section
like eyes glazed but like not realize
that it's actually
hugely important that you evaluate both
your especially your w-2s we're talking
about right now but also your 1099
contractors on like what is the
objective value they're providing if you
spend a thousand dollars contracting
graphic design and you think that makes
your stream better or like the new logo
is going to attract more people to your
restaurant are you sure like okay you
can spend that kind of money but you
better do it first in the context of um
this is how it provides actual objective
roi which means you're going to have to
make harder decisions around who you
hire and who you contract and they
should be more like sales positions
people that are doing more kind of
outreach for your business or selling
products and services affiliate
marketers or things like that right
these are things you need to be thinking
about i would stop like a lot of people
spend a lot of money on extraneous
[ __ ] that has no objective return
they think it might they think it might
help their business so like for example
um
this is this happens with with content
creators they'll do this all the time
with like equipment i'm gonna buy a
green screen and i'm gonna buy a 500 mic
um the value of it will come from me
running my broadcast for my youtube with
better audio quality and that's just the
sort of internal justification they make
in their head when it's not true like it
like it probably won't provide that kind
of value it might but it probably won't
if you haven't done the homework first
to actually show how you can spend that
money um so like so many people are
afraid of like just putting a couple of
dollars back on on the back end of like
pay-per-click adwords for their product
or service because it's real money at
that point right you'll spend a thousand
dollars two thousand dollars for a
contractor to redo your whole brand
design but you won't spend 50 a week on
facebook ads which will take your actual
product to the next level because that's
like that's like a that's a hard
investment that's like a that's like a
thing where you got to try and you could
lose right with a contractor like you
get your service you're done that's a
huge mistake that people are making like
massive oversight
same thing happens with humans so like
you contract a person to do something
because like that and that a thousand
dollars was worthless didn't provide roi
for your company or worse you hire
somebody to do a job that you don't want
to do or that you feel needs to get done
but you haven't attached any objectives
or any kind of like outcome to that job
you haven't attached to like how this
actually produces value for you and your
company objectively dollar per amount
right like how does that 40 000 year
person make you 100k or or what's the
multiplier is it 2x right that's 80k is
it 3x 4x 5x fifty thousand dollars a
year hundred fifty thousand dollars a
year three x right what's it gonna be
generally looking for a three to five x
multiplier on employees but i don't
usually achieve that like i like i i i
might get like one point five to two i
don't know but
it's rough so
um
if your employee is providing you one to
one value your staff member is applying
you one to one value so they're costing
at least what they're bringing in and
then maybe there's some upside in like
having that part of the business done uh
that's great but like
you should be going for way higher
multipliers and the smaller your
business is the more important this is
contractor paying a person 30 bucks for
a service better produce you sixty
dollars in value right or more um
if you're contracting people for youtube
videos and you're paying i've seen this
over and over again and i'm so mad at
people doing this you spend 100 to 150
on editing total between your thumbnail
and your title video your youtube
revenue is five dollars a month like
what the hell are you doing stop doing
that edit yourself like oh are you busy
are you busy
i edit my own videos i'm editing this
video okay it's i edit my own videos i i
guarantee you i'm more busy than anyone
listening to this besides like some like
super high-powered dude that's like ceo
by the executive chair i just got
offended sorry multi-millionaire guy
okay like i'm not more busy than you but
all 99 of you more busy than you i edit
my own videos right like like don't use
that excuse ever like um
if you're spending a hundred and fifty
dollars or like a hundred dollars or
eighty dollars or fifty dollars and on
something that makes you five dollars a
month like what are you doing right
you're like you're not planning for your
future at that point you're
procrastinating on the skills that you
um choose not to learn because like um
you'd rather like
laze your way out of it the problem with
money and um like i think up to a crazy
point like i i i think i would edit my
own videos up until my youtube was
making like like 10 or 20 000 a month
and then maybe even still just so i'm in
the game again back in the game right
doing my own sales multi-million dollar
company doing my own sales why i can can
i hire people for that i could hire with
the profit we make right now i could
hire two to three in the extra sales
people right like why am i not doing
that why is matt not doing that my
co-founder because we're we're um we're
just sitting here trying to figure out
how this game works and we're the ones
telling people
how the game works so we better know it
so like if i don't do sales every day i
don't know how the game works i'm not
learning it i'm sending my time learning
that so that sales people can be better
in
in my series you see what i'm saying so
i'm not saying this like i'm not saying
this to come at you like i'm a little
bit gary v energy here which i
understand like a little bit obnoxious
but i'm trying to like
help this idea of like way too many
people are spending money on super
stupid [ __ ]
and i just see it over and over and over
again in discord i see it over and over
and over again like um
and like the most prominent offenders of
this are spending huge amounts of money
on like marketing right like you pay uh
i have like clients where like they've
paid like an seo firm five to ten
thousand dollars to like improve their
search results right and like you go
read the contract and there's like
nothing objective about like well what's
your page rank gonna be how many
visitors is gonna be do i have to pay
this money if this doesn't happen right
like that kind of thing um it's just
like this sort of obj like weird
subjective thing um you should know the
service that you're paying for right you
should know like and that goes back to
like kpis for everything objectives for
everything probably a separate talk i
need to do
for for just that on its own but um yeah
so going back to like that one three six
month plan for that employee like should
should attach an roi value right that's
at least like three to five x what you
can get but if you can 2x it great right
you're doing better than me if you can
do that so roi 3x 5x value
has to be
if you can do too great
yeah um so once you're past the point of
like spending
extraneous money on stuff you don't need
through contractors and employees that
you can justify every single expense
that you're making against an objective
value return if you can do that you're
running a successful business and then
you've got some play capital to invest
back like five to ten percent of your
bit of your of your revenue and like
skunk works or like kind of experimental
stuff that might have exponential value
so
i always say like you want to redo your
sign you know um because you think it's
gonna attract more customers like
that a thousand dollars should go to
500 to a thousand follower instagram
pages where people
can um directly market your restaurant
and then once you get the tables filled
you can do your stupid sign
[Laughter]
right like it's like that kind of thing
um i i just i just think that like um we
would we would all benefit as a
community here myself included by
thinking a lot more about how value
translates right um so when you get a
w-2 employee
um
the i i always feel having a w-2
employee is a very heavy weight and i
think
and when i talk to a lot of other
business owners they don't share this
and i get a little worried um that
there's either an ego thing so they they
kind of think like oh yeah i have staff
i got people you know they have that
mentality and um
there and then and you know like that
like hey give me a call like uh
there's this esports guy that um
like uh i was talking to i can't say who
it was it's a very prominent esports
team
and um
he employed a guy full-time for
contracts just to write contracts i've
written all my own contracts like i
wrote all my own contracts for clg
occasionally for really important one i
had to evaluate it through a lawyer i
would write it and then i would save
money on it like by
again like this is like there was a
hundred percent company the time i'm
writing contracts right i'm like writing
contracts with this just give you an
idea of like how i view this
um
and now occasionally for very important
stuff um hire out like contractors right
but this guy was in a business that was
equivalent to clg at the time and he had
a full-time contractor just right
contracts pay them full time right no
way no way that this is a 40-hour week
job um pay him very highly like 780k a
year
so that when i was uh i was talking to
him about getting a player we were doing
a buy out for a player and he pulls up
his cell phone and calls this contractor
guy and he gets him on the phone right
away and he gets he's like the contract
will be sent this afternoon see he has
that ability and that's what he's paying
70 000 for is there an roi from that guy
hell no can he contract that for 100
bucks a pop from some lawyer yep but
that's the business owner mentality it's
like i've got people right that's that's
that story there i've got people so
um
you don't have people uh people have you
it's a it's a massive way
to have an employee uh every time i have
an employee i'm like oh [ __ ] i gotta
hire someone
i get oh god this is so much
[Laughter]
so um just thinking about it in that way
i think is more productive because again
like you you work for those other people
you know
uh
and so i i i think that the
consideration
to have a
w-2 employee should be very heavy indeed
contractors are are uh less scary though
you still owe them something i still i
still feel like all the contractors like
my attention in time you know if they
request it and i think they kind of
set expectations that like um you know i
i don't like to be directly contacted by
contractors for things outside of
contracting
and you know you can push back very
quickly against a contractor that's
taking a lot of your time for free um as
they should push back against you if
you're taking a lot of their time for
free right and say hey you should you
should pay me for this super reasonable
conversation
so what that's 30 minutes of uh
employee contractor intern stuff
i think we're good there
um
if you have any questions or anything
about this and you want like more
clarifications this is a huge subject so
just like this overview is a lot of me
rambling uh kind of [ __ ] about this
but if it's valuable let me know and uh
just tell me in the comments like
of this like if this is something that
you want to hear more about you have
specific questions pertaining this hope
is helpful
