hello so this video is about work days
how to crush your work day and be the
most effective possible i think this is
a pretty important topic because most
people work most days and most days most
people work don't actually end up
producing much so i i think the thing
i'm most amazed by when i think about
finance and business and
entrepreneurship and stuff is how little
people actually manage to complete
a total like
this is like within small companies big
companies entrepreneurs anything like i
can't tell you how many people that i
have like met at a convention or
something that i
they talk to me like a project or
something then like a year later i meet
them at the same convention they're
talking to me about like the same
project oh yeah like i'm gonna do that
ad program like you're talking about
this a year ago it is so strange how
ineffective people are so a lot of the
things that i talk about are about
effectiveness because i think that
effectiveness is the real key to being
successful like it just like
understanding how to do the work that
moves you forward and that is the
primary topic of today's talk so
first of all um if we're going to talk
about a work day we want to
encompass
how much of that work day you should
work and that's the first topic so a lot
of people they say you should work 10
hours a day you know gary vaynerchuk
says you should work 14 hours a day uh
anytime you're not sleeping i am of the
opinion that you should work a solid
six-hour day and i think that unless
your goal is to build a i would say like
500 million to a billion dollar company
you can safely work six hours a day to
make it's easily to become a
multi-millionaire um and i'll justify
that in a minute so if
with the first caveat that if you are
elon musk or you are trying to change
the world in a fundamental way um either
through a tech a new technology or an
innovation of some sort you need to work
every minute of every day and you have
to sacrifice family you have to
sacrifice everything to do that uh but
the vast majority of people should not
have that goal because that goal um for
all but the most driven people leads to
misery and um is not going to make
people happy for the most part
understanding your work day actually
starts with understanding that you don't
need to put in like an absurd amount of
work to
accomplish your goals your goal might be
to be a multi-millionaire uh you don't
need to work every single hour of every
single day to hit two to five million
dollars in net worth you don't need to
do that um i i know that because i have
not worked every single hour of every
day to hit above those numbers right so
um
i i probably work
i say the caveat is i i worked in when i
worked in esports i worked very long
hours but that was just the nature of
the work um and and not
like
now that i work at like novo um a solid
like six-hour day is like super
realistic for building like a
multi-million dollar company so um
the
here's the caveat though here's here's
what's coming when i say six hours of
work i mean that every minute of that
time is valuable and part of the reason
that i can work
that little is because i also understand
the
i'm very effective at the channels that
i use for work so so my time is very
effective
that also doesn't include like calls or
um meetings or things like that so you
may end up having like an eight to ten
hour work day um like on average well
let me think so i usually get into work
of like nine or ten ish as you leave it
like seven eight or nine so i have about
like a 10 to 11 hour work day with like
six hours being like really focused work
the rest being like kind of like phone
calls or [ __ ] okay so um
i'm gonna break down what i think that
six hours should be right now and and i
i think if if all i did
was refuse every phone call and sit in
an office
and work six hours um my business would
not be meaningfully different
most of the phone calls and like
networking opportunities and partnership
things that you take are not going to
lead anywhere but when i say that i'm
taking calls like a lot of that is like
deal flow for the agency
um signing on new brands to us and
things like that okay so let's break it
down so the um
six hour work day
okay so we're gonna assume six hour work
day
uh the initial 30 minutes to one hour of
that six hours is going to be big
planning and the question you ask
yourself is what exactly are the steps
that i'm going
to take to progress right and i
literally will do one two three so i
might assign anywhere between like i'd
say one to two very high value tasks
preferably one as
few as you can get for the day and then
you know four to five
uh to six maybe maximum auxiliary tasks
and and the thing you have to think
about here
is
consistency the most important thing i'm
going to tell you in this talk is now
which is um
ordinary work is the thing that pushes
you towards success if done on a
consistent basis ordinary work pushes
you towards success if done on a
consistent basis meaning that you don't
need to accomplish 30 things a day more
accomplishments doesn't equal more
success
there are tons of people who are working
smart and not hard there are tons of
people who are hedge fund managers um
and to quote warren buffett right it
doesn't matter um how fast you're rowing
it matters what boat you're in um and so
what i mean by that is like the focusing
on like a few critical tasks will push
your success much forward than doing
like 50 to 100 to a thousand [ __ ]
ones so you need to spend a significant
part of every single day thinking about
what the one thing is going to be for
that day that's going to move you
forward and so like if you're a content
creator and you're streaming right like
that answer is never going to be
streaming and if you're a youtube video
creator and that answer is that answer
is really making a youtube video that
will be part of your daily process right
but it's not the answer if you're a
product owner that answer is not like
answering emails or doing things related
to your product right it's going to be
something different
so that leads me to
what that's a different thing is because
one hour should be critical work
on a
on the most significant project
that will move your business or
enterprise forward
so
i'll give you like a literal example of
one that fills a lot of my time for that
hour is um
one of the best things i can do for novo
is build resources for my sales teams so
i can
build out a um like a deck
or an sop or an infographic that shows
like the success of
what we're doing and then i can give
that to the entire sales team to
indefinitely use in their pitches that
is a critical use of my time that has
exponential value in other areas of the
business uh if you're a content creator
right um figuring out how to syndicate
all of your videos on youtube to
facebook automatically is an exponential
use of your time if you are a business
owner or a product person right figuring
out how you can innovate your product or
going through and reaching out to
customers who have previously bought
your product before but have been
inactive for six months and you have and
you have a new offer for them that is
the kind of critical work that will
actually change your business so i'm
talking about um and you might like
thinking this like right now you're like
okay well this isn't obvious devon like
how do i figure this stuff out that the
first part of this segment is you really
thinking about your business intimately
and learning the skill of introspection
to figure out how you can um
decide on what your critical work is
going to be each one of you has the
capability to do this if you just like
sit down and really spend the time to
think it out um
the
it it's gonna seem a little bit hard at
first but eventually you're gonna come
up with like like nowadays like i have a
million different things that i know i
could be doing to move the company
forward which are all outside of what i
would have initially thought are the
things that move the company forward
like you might think that as
a cmo maybe the best thing i could be
doing is sales calls to onboard new
brands right but really the best thing i
could be doing is building sales
resources that is so that an entire
sales team can onboard new brands and we
grow exponentially so you also want to
think if you're in a business or product
relationship or you're a manager of some
kind which a lot of you are you also
want to think in terms of what your
staff or employees can do with your time
being multiplied exponentially to
provide value to them which is so if if
i have a team of three salespeople for
example um
i could just go do my own deals and
bring in money for the company but it
would be much more effective for my time
to empower their time so that one hour
of my time becomes 10 20 or 30 hours of
their time getting better right so a lot
of your thought for any of you managers
or people who run people you should be
thinking about how you can um
exponentially increase the value of that
team to you so that might be a new
method of customer acquisition for
example like okay maybe we decide to
onboard a new method of lead generation
because i can get my team more leads
maybe you need to get your team um
better uh data maybe you need to work on
a process in the business that makes
deals take too long to close right that
was something that i was working on a
lot because our average deal closing was
like two months or like a month and a
half and we had to lower that so these
are all kinds of things you can think
but
i i'm giving all these examples because
i want you to sort of like build a
framework in your mind of like how you
can empower the rest of your business um
or your product
um if you're a one-man show to
exponentially then provide value um so
working on things like quality uh are
are always
bets that can exponentially increase
value over time um and then for your
remaining four hours uh you're just
gonna do the ordinary work you're gonna
do the thing right uh that you need to
do so this is your four to five other
action items
that
move things forward and remember the
four quadrant system that if something
is not urgent or not important you
should just let it go right you should
not be like the 38 minutes to an hour
period of your day where you're thinking
about this stuff you should not be
afraid of dumping tasks that just don't
or just like refusing clientele or
whatever it takes to just like literally
get rid of those problems so that you
are not mired in like the bog of like
trying but you're just like judging
through the swamp of like just doing
stuff that doesn't matter um which is
where most people are stuck especially
managers they're just they're just stuck
in doing things that don't matter um if
you are a manager and like a large
company
like unironically one hour of critical
work could literally just be eliminating
bureaucracy and decision making that you
would have to go through for other
people to get stuff done to become a
more effective worker like actually like
having those conversations with
higher-ups and things like that to be
able to make those process more
streamlined is like unironically a a
valid use of that time because it just
again it exponentially increases the the
value that you are operating with so um
these are kind of my thoughts
when i'm building
out like my day and then the last thing
that i do is i i add a reward
at the end of the
day and this is really important like
this is a reward at the end of the day
not at the beginning of the day
because um
uh sorry i i i this is to add a reward
at the end of the day not the beginning
of the day because at the beginning of
the day
um
you you like your your mental power is
at its strongest and you should be
focusing on like this this task and then
at the end of the day when you've made
already made a lot of decisions like
something like you know playing a game
or just rewarding yourself for that like
getting through that list is is really
good and it reinforces your mind to be
able to do it again get excited about it
so i always add something at the end of
the day um you know maybe playing a game
for an hour or something or just
something that i really enjoy uh and
again working the six hours uh allows me
to do this right so um
part of that like you know nine or ten
hour day in the office will be like
rewarding at the end of it which is
which is like why i do it that way so um
there's a lot of like kind of hidden
stuff in this video that i hope people
pick up on um like one is that i i
really hope that you realize that you
don't need to work
an insane amount of time and there's a
whole other conversation we can have
maybe should have about time off and
taking time off
in the sense that like um
you're
you doing things for your own like
physical mental health are
as important if not more important than
like the time you spend in the office
and like your family situation
surrounding you and the levels of stress
that are incoming
or outgoing from your personal life are
like as important as anything you do in
the office and if you come in with like
a solid mindset and you've like created
yourself a lot of space
outside of the six hours you will do
incredible in that six hours the other
thing i would say is um don't be afraid
to spend as much time
thinking introspectively about like
where the business ought go um and don't
ever see that as like a bad use of time
i i spend an enormous amount of time
trying to figure that out and uh and i'm
totally okay with that even dominating
an entire day so that i will be more
effective
in the future it's a super super
important thing to realize that like
introspective thinking about what you
ought to be doing is time never wasted
um because
most people waste so much time
and i i i like in general and i i think
just asking yourself me asking myself
the question
how do i
um more effectively use my time
and engage with processes that will
actually meaningfully move my business
forward in a way that i can measure i
spend more time thinking about what i
can eliminate than the things that i can
actually do um because when you like and
that's not so crazy when you think about
like our society is just inundated with
information opportunity um
possibilities like there are how many
millions of possibilities are there
right now for me to be able to like um
go do stuff for my brand like i could go
post this video on reddit i could go um
syndicate all my videos to facebook and
then to vimeo for the hell of it i could
multi-stream to watch you see like
there's so many
things you can do
that really focusing on the ones that
you think are going to move
exponentially and not getting mired up
in all of this [ __ ] which people
spend hours consuming but they don't
actually do anything is really the key
to having like an effective work day
so i hope this talk helps um i think
there's a lot of important stuff in it
yeah that's it bye
