hey what's good this is an update on
Twitter
the platform we're going to be going
over some really important stuff
basically I'm gonna tell you everything
there is to know about the algorithm and
how Discovery works so if you're trying
to grow on Twitter or you're thinking
about using Twitter as a marketing
platform this is the video to watch
because not only are we going to go over
objectively what the algorithm is doing
but we're also going to talk about some
of the changes at Twitter and some of
the things that I'm thinking about right
now as a marketer in terms of uh my
focus on the platform starting with the
fact that the platform has substantially
changed in the time that Elon has come
on board but not in the way that I
expected the thing that has changed the
most is that Twitter's feeds have I
think a lot of people would notice have
degraded in quality quite a bit and that
is because they need to appeal more to
advertisers so before we get into the
algorithm stuff which you need to watch
is really important I'll probably put a
timestamp onto there
um the for you has changed a ton where
you get a lot of commentary that just
isn't relevant to you because Twitter as
a monetization model is trying to find a
way to drive engaging Tweets in front of
you so that you can see ads so for
example like this one like from a person
that I just I don't follow right is
about like girls with big tits
um there's a ton of stuff in here that's
about things that are a lot of violent
stuff like Ukraine political stuff right
left stuff sometimes just outright porn
this stuff never appeared under Dorsey
and
I just think that the overall quality of
Twitter has degraded quite a bit in
terms of its user uh its user experience
and all the the data that we're finding
on this is a is a is reporting that as
well that basically people just seem to
have a worse experience with Twitter so
I think that that has long-term
implications and and again if you want
to know why that the real reason why is
because Twitter is going to need to
surface these these kind of things like
School fights you might see a bunch of
those on on Twitter right now Twitter is
gonna need to surface that kind of
content to the front and then run ads
against it because that's the kind of
stuff that's going to get the most
engagement it's gonna drive the most ads
so you're just going to see a lot of
like low quality stuff come up to the
top until Twitter maybe builds a better
recommendation system
uh so I think Twitter user experience is
gonna be pretty bad for a while and that
is going to affect some of the users in
the short term that don't engage with
the platform but um from a marketing
perspective user the total number of
users and user engagement is at an
all-time high on Twitter so if you are
trying to build a brand on Twitter and
not be a user there is probably no
better time to do it now you're going to
run into some stuff that you may not
have run into under Jack dorsey's
Twitter you might get more hate you
might get more negative notice as your
tweets get surfaced to more people who
are outside of your network because
engagement Works a little bit
differently currently where um you can
kind of get served to a lot of different
types of people so um if you are a
person who is in sensitive categories
you need to be prepared for to get more
of that and have to consider that that
may just be a reality of operating on
that platform
um okay so let's get into some of the
kind of algorithmic stuff and and how
the platform actually works so a lot of
people think that Twitter source code
was leaked but Elon just gave it away he
just literally gave it to everybody and
told Twitter exactly how it works at I
have looked into a ton of information
about the algorithm I think I understand
it really well now and this is the best
blog post I've found to explain it
because it does it in terms of Weights
I'm going to also kind of add my own
commentary here so that by the end of
this you'll you'll have like a pretty
complete idea of how Twitter operates
and how the algorithm works and be able
to use it for yourself so when we look
at a Twitter algorithm this is literally
just how Twitter ranks your posts how
Twitter gets to post out there and uh
what happens let's start with um your
following to follower ratio matters so
this is because a lot of bots
are following tons of accounts but
they're not followed by a lot of
accounts so the better your ratio is for
the number of followers you have versus
the number of people you're following
um the better you're you're gonna do and
this is represented on a user reputation
user reputation score which also takes
into account things like age number of
followers and the device usage
um AKA if you're using like from mobile
phones and like third theater countries
and things like that you're going to get
less reputation so this in of itself
isn't something to really worry about
but it's just something to be aware of I
wouldn't go and like unfollow a bunch of
people but if you have a following ratio
of like 10 000 following to like 3 000
followers like that's where you need to
be worried like five to one like seven
to one type stuff A lot of people are
gonna look at this they're gonna say
okay well I need to like
um I have like 500 people I'm following
right now but I only have like 20 000
people that are following me I needed to
to reduce this that's like not at all
what you need to do
um for example with me um I believe if I
go to my profile I have 1 000 people I'm
following but forty seven thousand
followers totally fine right ratio like
I'm not worried about reducing that at
all no problem there and so don't worry
too much about this we're going to get
into some stuff that matters quite a bit
more later Twitter blue subscribers get
a boost in the algorithm so this should
not be surprising I told you guys that
this was going to happen very early in
weeks and weeks ago that anybody that is
trying to Market on Twitter should
absolutely subscribe for Twitter blue
you also now have a thing that says um
as of now this account is verified
either because it was subscribed to
Twitter blue or as a legacy verified
account so people can't actually know if
you were verified at one point and that
takes a lot of the onus off of Odin
Twitter blue
um this is actually a very good idea
from Twitter to do for marketing and
business people so pretty much everybody
can subscribe to Twitter blue and if it
is a part of your marketing strategy to
use Twitter whether you're a business or
content creator you should 100 get
Twitter blue uh you get a 4X boost in
the algorithm if you're on the same
network as the author of the tweet at a
2X boost if you're not which is a crazy
strong uh that means basically everybody
that is a Twitter blue uh subscriber
gets at least two times the engagement
um from being a Twitter boot subscriber
so this absolutely needs to be a core
part of your
um of your Twitter experience if you are
considered using Twitter as a platform
to engage people or for funnel marketing
I I mean it is mandatory now we're gonna
get into some kind of cool stuff so
creating engaging content is more
important than likes and retweets uh
there are a few factors to determine if
your Tweet will appear and someone's for
you page and they're calculated by a
certain algorithm which has different
kinds of features so let's get into what
they are at the probabilities and
algorithm outputs so if somebody likes
your Tweet that's a 0.5 weight if
somebody retweets your tweet that is a
1x weight
if somebody clicks into your Tweet and
replies
and likes to tweet and stays there for
greater than two minutes that's 11x so I
want you to real quick look at the
weight difference there 11x versus 1X on
a retweet so you might tend to think
that likes to retweets Drive the most
amount of Engagement for your tweets but
that is no longer true it's actually
people who directly engage their tweets
which means that tweets that ask
questions tweets that prompt people to
reply
um that is actually why you're seeing uh
the tweet I don't have it up anymore but
the tweet that you just saw maybe it'll
actually still be there because it was
actually really interesting it will show
why this is true was the that tweet that
um I just read out that said here it is
from this Suggs person I hate girls with
big tits all they do is take cute
selfies with their ginormous mommy
milkers taking up half of the screen and
I'm sick of it if any girls with big
tits reply to this tweet I'll be very
mad so don't do it this has been
something that people are obviously like
this is like engagement bait now this is
working really really well because look
the the amount of comments is almost as
high as the amount of retweets and we
know that comments and likes are getting
11x uh wait and because people are
posting pictures they're probably
staying there for greater than two
minutes so you're probably gonna see a
lot of or you have been seen if you've
been on Twitter you're gonna see a lot
of stuff like this and that's the reason
why this person even though I'm not
following them uh is is getting that
huge engagement on these tweets because
that of this principle so asking your
community or asking people uh questions
or doing like engaging things is going
to force people to reply you want to
start like thinking in a way to that
because direct replies where somebody
replies to your Tweet
um also has a 27x weight rating so
you're seeing that and there's a
thousand replies if somebody comes in
and likes it that's 11x someone comes in
and replies that's uh that's 27x
incredible right
um now this one I think surprised me the
most
reply to your Tweet and you engage with
this reply has a 75x waiting now that
was something I completely didn't
understand about Twitter until I read
this this means that you need to answer
every single person that replies to You
full stop because that will
um incredibly boost the amount that your
Tweet is getting noticed that is
actually an insane stat and it's crazy
they wait stuff that high I'm not
actually sure why that is the case
um maybe it is the perception that
things are kind of going on and that
there's more conversation but uh not
only does replying to a tweet uh
increase your Discovery it's one of the
strongest weighted abilities you can you
can have uh to um to increase Discovery
so you absolutely have to reply to
tweets and then that then gets too ex
boosted by subscribers there are also
negative actions that can be taken so
requesting showing less action on your
Tweet or you blocking or muting is
actually only a modest negative 74 but
reporting your Tweet is a negative 369
which means you absolutely don't want to
piss people off enough to do this it
also means that if you want to de-rank a
tweet the number one thing you can do is
to report it or get other people to
report it so if people this will
probably not become
very uh widespread knowledge but
um this is a lot of weight to put on
reports even a few reports will de-rank
a tweet to the point where it cannot be
uh it's just not viable uh so so any
like concentrated groups of like
telegrammers or people like this could
use this to basically completely
suppress a person uh this is a very
powerful thing uh and and uh you know
I'll leave you to think about those
implications so just like what you need
to know as a business owner or content
creators just don't do things that that
will get you reported
um don't don't like obvious things like
hate speech or things like that you
should never be doing anyway I don't
think anybody would be listening to this
video and also be considering that but
it does mean like don't piss people off
with controversial takes that are enough
for them to report it like for example
if you're like a very left-lean or very
right leading person it is not a good
time to be a politician uh on Twitter
because people are going to request that
they show less often uh block or mute
you most likely mute you and that has
the same weight blocking a mini has the
same weight I actually think like show
west often should basically be negative
a thousand
um but I think I read somewhere later
um that that's the case so if they
report your Tweet negative 730x the
effect of a like
so so you you would need 738 likes to
get to kind of one reap report that
that's insane so don't get reported
that's absolutely crazy
um but likewise if they reply to your
Tweet and you respond to their reply
that's worth 150 likes crazy right and
if they just reply to your Tweet that's
worth 54 or more likes so so this is
super crazy as well so can't stress
enough replying to every single person
that responds and and making all of your
content should engage comments should
always drive for comments at this uh in
this current meta
um we just saw getting blocked me to
report it is bad uh really bad negative
feedback loops they'll reduce your
reputation score is getting blocked
muted abuse or spam or unfollows um but
unfollowers are not as heavily penalized
as the above four which makes sense but
pretty much if you're getting spam or
abuse reports you are in huge trouble
um The Government Can interfere with the
algorithm this is the whole thing we
really talk about as good kind of goes
out of the scope of this video will
never affect you and the current light
ranking model tweets with images and
videos get two times the Boost okay so
super super important you've heard me
talk about this before but now we have a
quantity thing for it
um your your so if you post a image or a
video with your Tweet you are getting a
2X boost in the algorithm you're also
getting people more engaged
psychologically because people will
engage with that tweet more so every
single one of your tweets should have a
video or image attached to it no matter
what even if you create that in mid
journey and you just post it up or
something uh using AI that's a very good
way to create like cool images that are
related to what you're talking about
um for example like if you're doing if
you're like a um
person doing like Dungeons and Dragons
or like you're like a coach for valorin
or something some of the people in the
community come into mind you would want
to like use mid-journey to like create
an image that was like associated with
that and post it and you're getting a 2X
boost for that you're also getting 2x
boost for being on uh Twitter blue so
also if all you do if if you do nothing
else but post an image on every tweet
and you are a Twitter Blues subscriber
you are 4xing your Boost into Discovery
four times the amount of any every other
normal person on Twitter that is massive
right that is a a brand building and
totally different thing like you're 50
more likely to be discovered uh based on
that it's a huge huge thing
okay what else is uh more interesting
um if you have high tweet crab which we
refer to as the reputation the algorithm
will feature more of your tweets great
um and uh that should be pretty obvious
so keeping your reputation High by not
getting me to blocked and reported uh
your tweet's relevancy decreases over
time we actually know exactly how much
now so tweets have a half-life of 360
minutes meaning that a tweets relevancy
will go down 50 your Discovery will go
down 50 every six hours until the DK is
basically totally complete and that
makes sense we we kind of already know
that um we sort of we sort of know how
that works but now we know I can
quantify that
um that also means that you can
um tweet every six hours uh and that
will basically maximize most optimally
your um your Discovery since your other
tweets won't be impacted okay
um so that is basically how the
algorithm Works um there are some other
articles on this that Twitter itself
talks about that I will link as a
resource here but understanding the
weights is pretty much kind of all you
need to know if you um if you are
actually using Twitter as a full-time
brand you'll want to use the you want to
read this article as well which goes
over a little bit of their actual like
theory on how they recommend uh things
and um now that you understand this you
can kind of understand how like
engagement tweets and engagement tweets
like this are going to be really
successful in the current like meta of
Twitter
um I suspect that people that are uh
you'll also see things like this like
send me your favorite small streamer
that is live right now so this is a um
really impressive tweet by Pokemon
getting 728 likes but uh only uh oh
sorry 728 732 replies uh but only 1800
likes but this is just an engagement
tweet and as you can see
um that is basically the equivalent of
150 times 700 likes which is insane for
engagement
um and if she goes in and replies it's
even better right
um so so so this is excuse me it's the
same as uh 54 times but if she goes in
and replies it's 150 times
insanely powerful 54 times 741 still
going up so engage people with your
comments huge huge huge thing
um how how long do we have this video
for so we're 15 minutes in so suffice to
say I I'm actually considering
so so and currently in my own content
strategy and the content strategy that
I'm advising to most of my Brands which
is more important actually than my own
individual content strategy because I'm
mostly just having fun
I'm considering not using Twitter as a
secondary platform so so so I think that
YouTube currently is the best platform
period it's just the best that's it for
everything
um Community post engagement videos
monetization it's just got everything it
just seems like it's so hard to topple
and my secondary on that was Twitter
because I think Twitter is a very easy
top of funnel to throw into stuff like
email lists or to get engagement and
it's also a very easy platform to
manipulate I I don't use manipulate
negatively but I'm saying like
manipulate the algorithm in such a way
that it can drive traffic to you and we
just went over how you do that but with
the way that Twitter is going and the
quality of the content decreasing as
such I I don't know if I can confidently
recommend it as a long-term strategy
um I do think it is very strong for top
of funnel marketing I but I think that's
true probably for the next like six to
12 months and then we kind of have to
revisit and see and I think anybody
that's like basing their entire brand on
Twitter as a primary platform of
Discovery is taking on significant risk
right now so be aware of that I I don't
think anybody should do that I think you
should use it as a secondary or tertiary
platform
um your primary platform should be
YouTube if you are trying to grow a
brand or a business
um or or pay-per-click those are just
the two best things to do it
um and then so the question kind of like
is like what to replace Twitter with if
you're not considering using it for your
marketing strategy and I don't have a
really good answer to that yet I I think
that the answer is probably sub stack
it's probably superhuman it's probably
some kind of like direct email list that
you then so either run pay-per-click
against
or some kind of top of funnel thing like
through YouTube uh or content marketing
or something like that it's becoming
really clear to me that you you have to
have top of funnel content marketing no
matter what for any kind of business
right now
um this is a separate video probably but
but AI is going to create a situation in
marketing really quickly where you know
somebody just doesn't go to a
um like like the top of funnel is just
removed for like web pages and anything
that is like a storefront because what
will happen is people will just use Bing
search or Google AI or gbt and they'll
say what is the best pair of running
shoes and gbt will do some uh arbitrary
thing to determine that and that'll be
like Adidas or Nike or something like
that and you won't be able to get into
that um to get get through that Gateway
so so you'll have to have content
marketing to drive people to buy stuff
directly so so the reason why I bring
this up is because
um you you absolutely have to have a
Content marketing funnel and Twitter is
still good for that and it should remain
good for it but it just might not be the
best for everyone now because of the
increasing controversy the the the the
like the lower quality and the um the
sort of just like lower quality in
general of the website
um I have to explore their options I
don't really have an answer here this
the main purpose of this video is kind
of just like go over the algorithm and
how it works to help people who are
using it to engage so stay tuned for
that and maybe we'll talk more on that
soon I think that's all I have for you
now um on Twitter if you have any
questions you know just obviously post
them up and uh yeah we'll we'll come
back to this and revisit it probably in
a few months see what's happening thanks
everybody bye
