okay we're going to talk about time
efficiency so in the mastermind chat
here uh otter says
weird thought i had to myself i am
wondering if anyone else relates i spend
a lot of resources time energy money
into freeing up more and more time as
well as investing those resources back
into the stream and content and it's
been running as a feedback loop for a
while now i kind of feel like i'm at a
point where a few hours a day i could
work but my daily routines are done
there's not really anything
straightforward i could do so i could
start a new product or something to
occupy those hours but part of me is
telling me that i need those hours to
scroll red be unproductive or whatever
uh is there anyone that is a hundred
percent working all the time i feel like
i'm getting close to that point every
iteration of myself but the closer i get
the more i feel like i'm doing something
with that time will burn me up
so um
in my experience there's basically
nobody that is working at 100 efficiency
like the people that you see doing that
are people that are like
high-tier entrepreneurs like elon and
like people like that that are like
literally working on like four projects
working like 18 hours a day who
literally have built a tiny house in the
tesla factory so they can spend more
time at work
this should not be the goal of becoming
100 effective sorry efficient with your
time and that you're always working is
um
not a good goal because you'll drive
yourself insane and then eventually
that'll become unrealistic this is one
of the reasons why like twitch streamers
are like well i could always stream more
but streaming more is really the answer
and i want to talk today about the
difference which is a peter drucker
principle this is a management principle
found in a book called um
the effective executive which i think is
the best book on management ever written
um
and this is a concept of efficiency
versus effectiveness
so efficiency is what usually people
hype up and they say okay efficiency is
like how hard am i working um
what amount of hours am i putting in
what percentage efficient am i right so
in a 100 efficient person
means no sleep 24 hours a day
right like working but or like you know
maybe 100 efficient
person
means
uh you work
14 hours a day sleep six and a half uh
everything else is
exercise or human optimization okay
so
when i started my like path for personal
development efficiency was like all i
was concerned with and i didn't know
there was something else um and that
answer is effectiveness so i do not
strive to be an efficient person at all
anymore there's just not a thing i
strive to be an effective person
effectiveness means that the time you
have to dedicate to something
is
like 100 effective towards the outcome
or goal that you're trying to achieve
okay so if your goal is to make money
one way to do that is work
14 hours a day at x dollars an hour
right another way to do that is to work
14 hours to set up a system that makes
you 10 that makes you one dollar a day
and then even like at right and like or
10 a day okay like pretty big difference
or five dollars a day right so
if you're making 10 let's say it's 10 a
day working 14 hours to set up a system
that makes you ten dollars a day maybe
it's on offer up maybe it's um service
based maybe some kind of passive maybe
it's a kindle book right there's all
kinds of different things you can do
maybe it's youtube videos you make
passive ad revenue all kinds of things
to think about there right but just
reframing your mind into how can i how
could i produce somebody does that then
you do like 10 that's like 70 a week
right which is an extra like 280 bucks a
month pretty pretty clean super easy to
do
maybe it's um
or maybe it's just like spending more
time to be effective but see it's like
making that hour more effective so once
i realized this concept i became super
obsessed with making things more
effective and i did it
i started looking at my dollar per hour
value and realized that no matter how
efficient you are even at like like if
you're incredibly efficient and i put in
10 hours of true work per day which
isn't realistic by the way right like
the average office worker works an hour
and a half uh of real actual work
there's been a lot of studies on that
that have just like compounded that like
real actual work one hour and a half um
i would say even high-powered
entrepreneurs like people that are
really getting after it in their
business might actually do true work
which is like not water cooler waste of
time phone calls meetings which get
gather up everybody um six hours eight
hours maybe maximum like a true eight
hour work workday five days a week is
insane
that's i i know almost no one who really
does that even top executives don't do
that if you put in
so i started realizing like okay let's
take something like consulting for
example right where i i can reliably
consult for around 500 an hour that's
the time value of that money
what i i got there because i focused on
making my time very effective so i need
to figure out how to deliver an enormous
amount of value right like at least five
to ten times the amount that i'm
charging in value that when you walk off
that phone call you can reasonably
expect to get that back in your roi
and i did that by bolstering my
knowledge on the subjects of consulting
so well that i made that effectiveness
work right i became much more effective
at the use of that time not efficient
right i didn't spend more hours doing
something
and and this is a core concept by by the
way once you understand this concept
this is why i have such a huge problem
with streaming because streaming is an
efficiency problem you stream more to
become more successful but it but to be
effective you do things like post
youtube videos because that's an
evergreen thing that generates more and
more results as time goes on and and so
effectiveness like an effective use of
time is um doing like youtube an
effective use of time is like meditating
for 15 minutes a day because um
meditation actually creates time
this is like a crazy concept right like
you you think you have 14 24 hours in
the day but meditating organizes your
mind in such a way that you become more
effective so you can work in a more
effective way you can target goals more
effectively you can you can plan things
at outcomes that result in the more pure
version of that outcome so you may be
saving two hours a day by meditating 30
minutes a day
and and you should think through that if
that doesn't make sense to you so
effectiveness is something that you
should always focus on um
so in mastermind chat it was recommended
like okay well maybe take some time to
like do exercise or eat well or things
like that these are all effective things
that you can do to um
to to improve your life and have these
exponential results but you shouldn't be
thinking in terms of
like the optimal person is not a person
who works all the time and um spends all
and then like all the time they're not
working is like perfect human efficiency
right um
that's just not the way to be human the
the optimal human is a person who is
incredibly effective with the time that
they have dedicated towards those those
those things so if you are in the gym
you're not like just sitting around on
your phone which you see a bazillion
people doing you know they're they're
literally just sitting on a on like a
workout machine and they're on their
phone right they're resting they're in
the resting period no you're like
getting after it the entire time you're
focusing you're you're you're in and
then you weave and like the total
effective time that you spent was maybe
45 minutes but you got way more done in
that time than somebody who spent three
hours at the gym you got to look at that
with everything with your career um
effectiveness versus efficiency i think
is the best answer to this question all
right
