okay hello 2023 is going to be an
absolutely crazy year for social media
for marketing for everything and that is
because of as you have undoubtedly heard
of chat gpt3 sweeping the entire world
causing us to rethink knowledge causing
us to rethink how processing data Works
everything the AI Revolution as it were
however this is not a video about that
it's not a video about Chachi B3 chat
tbd3 being open ai's product Microsoft's
product to bring AI to the consumer this
is a video about tools that are spawning
from chat gbt3 and from openai some of
the most powerful tools that we are
using at our multi-million dollar agency
you will have access to at the end of
this video you absolutely want to stay
tuned for this I'm going to share all
the stuff that we are using right now
and some of the stuff that we are
discovering that is just I think that
knowledge as a problem I'll say a bit on
this knowledge as a problem is solved
it's just solved today everything you
could ever know about how to perfectly
execute anything is done it's just what
tools you use and how you ask it it is
we are at an insane time now so we are
using AI currently and I would say about
20 to 30 percent of our business total
which is kind of incredible considering
like three four months ago we were using
zero percent
um it's just the power of chat gbt3 and
likewise tools and I just want to get
right into some of these tools just to
sort of show you what I mean kind of
gets you uh started so the first tool
I'm going to introduce to you is called
perplexity perplexity is a tool that
specifically uses inputs and then finds
Solutions so
um imagine open AI but more targeted and
it has this added feature I will blow
this up a little bit so that you can see
it better it has this added feature of
having what is popular now which is
super super important so for example
musk Twitter files key points what's the
deal with the metaverse but let's do
something that we can uh so you can get
a good idea of how this works let's do
green tea health benefits something I'm
a big fan of perplexity will crawl the
internet in current time because a big
problem that we've found with chat cbt3
is that it doesn't actually crawl things
presently chat gbt3 is limited to
outputs that come from 2021 or before
that is because we do not yet have
access to chat gbt4 the current version
that is running 2022 and aggregating
that current data so this does aggregate
current data and it will tell you what
is going on this is by using a
combination of search engines and AI so
green tea this will give me several
different studies and back up I can just
click this button right here and I can
go right to a study from NIH about what
green tea is doing for health benefits
this is an enormous tool for research it
is incredibly powerful if you need
research done and it also gives you
suggestions for where to go as a result
of this but we can also use this for um
certain things so like I Was preparing a
YouTube video that needs some
information about like what platforms
are doing I'll put in new Twitter
features since Elon that will give me
this answer since Elon took over 2
Twitter the platform is sitting UI
overhauls feature swipe such as swiping
as updates to stay in the loop other
changes include retweets with
anti-semitic memes favorite new toy
additionally have been resignations and
leaks regarding 22.0 so I can um go to
this I can look at this I can maybe say
like 10 new Twitter features
and see if it can give me some studies
so now it gives me some different
answers long form tweets paid
verification eliminate bot accounts and
cutting costs and then some information
uh as a regards to that let's say that I
want some information on a particular
platform like twitch viewership in 2022
perplexity will crawl the internet and
it will search and it will find uh
results from that and it will tell you
where those are now you do have to check
if these are accurate or not but luckily
perplexity is actually listed as sources
this is a huge Improvement on chat gbt3
where we don't know where the sources
are coming from we don't know how it
aggregated that data so we can actually
check these sources ourselves and we can
evaluate if this information is correct
that is an extremely powerful use of
this tool one of the big problems with
AI right now is that we just can't
really be sure how AI like how AI is
getting that information and if it
confirms it this is actually uh this
tool is actually the confirming that we
can do that so super super powerful tool
and you can probably play around with it
and see all the ways that it is being
used okay second tool after perplexity
is called barely.ai this is a simple
thing written by a high school student
and I'll just show you on YouTube what
it is because the actual application is
a download file what this does is it
takes an article or any kind of long
text and it gives you the ability to
either summarize the article correct the
grammar of the article write it in an
email provide an executive summary which
is actually quite good or present a
counter argument to that article so this
is really powerful if you're trying to
do any kind of written or blog content
you can really write your own blog uh
counter it against yourself you can go
find something you disagree with and
then have a counter argument and it will
just post it it will use open AIS to do
this and it will just throw out a chat
gpt3 response specific to what you need
this also has other things it can do so
you can see down here it can do essay
outlines it can do paragraphs it can do
continuation so it can keep going with
that article it can create a headline
for it there's an enormous amount of
things that this can do
it's an easy simple download completely
free I highly recommend we've been using
that to rewrite some of our written
content uh which is pretty neat next one
is one that I'm surprised more people
are not talking about
um this is a Google product called talk
to books and talk to books is super cool
so how this works is this uses Google's
AI either deepmind or Lambda and it goes
and crawls all the books that Google
knows about and then it provides answers
based on that so what I've actually been
using this for in addition to uh
perplexity is I've been using it for
studies so let's go back to that green
tea health benefits example
and let's see what it pulls up with
it'll actually pull up literal studies
from books and it will give references
and so this is really interesting
because like for things like social
media this may not work as well right
because there's not a lot of books on
things like social media so if we use
that same example of like twitch
viewership
and we see and we talk to books about it
we're actually not going to get as good
results because there's not a lot of
books written about this there's kind of
some mean books Esports business
management type stuff okay
um but in things like studies where it's
like health benefits of hot yoga or of
sauna we can actually find a ton of
books that then reference these type of
things and what's so powerful about this
is we can then go to that book and we
can purchase it immediately or read it
if we if it's a free book A lot of these
books are actually free
um so it's enormously powerful this is a
really really cool tool that you can use
for almost anything you could even do
things like inspiring stories of Heroes
and it will find
stuff about that that's like really fun
or business ideas for the social media
generation and I'm just typing stuff
that I'm thinking of right now and
you'll find all kinds of stuff about
influencer marketing things like that
basically unlimited knowledge okay maybe
you are using chat G so those are three
tools I want to share with you um maybe
you are using chat gbt3 uh and you're
not quite sure where to go with it so
this right here and this all these links
by the way will be in the patreon video
description
or if this ever reaches YouTube which I
don't think this video will it will be
in the YouTube description this is a
series of prompts a hell of a lot of
prompts that have been done for how you
can use gpt3 these are inputs you can
put into gbt3 examples for anything you
can really imagine so here's some
prompts for copywriting prompts for
email marketing prompts for blog writing
prompts for influencer marketing prompts
for YouTubes ad scripts as well as
YouTube ideas Facebook ad copy YouTube
video ideas Twitter thread ideas pretty
much anything you could need for
consecration here Instagram story ideas
cold DM ideas really cool idea cold
emails and so on I think there's
probably about 150 or more examples here
so um I'm going to provide a link to
those as well and those are the four
tools I wanted to share with you oh no
there's another bonus tool you made it
this long
um you can actually use chat gbt3 if you
are a YouTuber content creator
um go to this new product which is a a a
transcript uh let's go to just just to
show you how this works it's pretty
crazy so we'll go to youtube.com Devin
Nash we'll pull a random video like my
last one
um and we'll put the link in here and it
will just outright pull
my entire transcript
and then I can copy and also you can
click any part of the transcript and you
will go right to the video you can now
the crazy thing is we can with these
prompts we can go back into chat gbt3
and we can have it rewrite this video we
can have it shorten the video we can
have it summarize the video so you can
literally go on to anybody's YouTube
channel
and you can go copy and paste the video
and you can and chat gbt3 will rewrite
it for you with a script that you want
maybe in a tonality that you want so for
example you can say rewrite this video
but in a comedic tone and you can
literally just generate an entire new
video based on someone's 5 million or 10
million view idea and produce your own
thing so it's absolutely insane how this
uh works and and here are basically all
the prompts you would ever need
for any type of thing that you're doing
um and how AI can help you with it so
those are the tools I wanted to share
with you let me kind of share some
conclusions about AI that I've come
across since I've started using it
just uh since my past video I I think
there's three ways that I'm really
predominantly using this this idea
generation there's research and there's
email scripts for simple emails or DMS
so if I need to send an email to
somebody and it's going to take longer
to explain it than I want to write it I
will just like type I was asked gbt3 to
summarize the idea and then usually it
actually puts out some pretty bomb
emails because I think it's just
aggregating all the emails so it kind of
understands things like being polite and
it understands a lot of stuff so um I'm
going to say again what I said at the
beginning of the video that knowledge is
solved this is a really important idea
going forward I I assume that you you
don't just watch these videos for the
the information that I give and also
kind of just like my take on things and
I'm going to say that when I say that
knowledge is solved I think that the
people that are going to excel in the
next few years are not are they're no
longer people that have more knowledge
and that's going to become increasingly
true literally by the day as services
and AI Services evolve it doesn't matter
how much knowledge you have now because
everybody has knowledge so the only
thing that actually matters is the
execution of ideas and the creativity
that goes into those ideas and the
quantity and quality of those ideas so
for example like if you're a YouTube
content creator now like I'll use myself
as an example right like I don't believe
that I have any inherent like value as
an educator at this point I think that
everything that I know can be discerned
by different prompts or different ways
to ask questions getting to that actual
information and knowing it's good has
become my job right so now I'm I'm
taking a step up where as before maybe I
teach you 15 different ways to write
copy of an email right and and why but
now like instead of that I'm telling you
to do that through something like Ai and
then I'm going to teach you what like
why what how to evaluate what the AI has
put out how do you evaluate what's
quality how to like tweak the prompts so
that it like see like like my position
has changed and that's going to be true
for everyone as well that's any any kind
of like job or any kind of like
knowledge based thing which is most of
us right you may not know it yet and I
think that most of the world doesn't
know it yet but the people that are
going to get really ahead on this are
going to be the people that use Ai and
tools like the ones that I'm presenting
you
to
um
make their bottom level work like the 20
to 40 percent of work that previously
was just kind of like wrote task that
goes away and action and they translate
AI into execution what I'm seeing a lot
of people do is they're messing around
with prompts they're messing around with
stuff with chat gbt3 they can't believe
how cool it is but they're not actually
doing anything with it this should be
like 3xing the number of videos that you
can do on YouTube there should be like
5x in your influencer marketing like
plan you basically should like you you
should effectively have at least one
employee if not two more employees like
an extra I'd say 30 to 80 hours a week
depending on what your business is and
if you're not using AI in that way you
just haven't thought through how to how
to use it which is why this video is so
important is try to give you some
prompts give you some ideas give you
some
um some examples of of why this is so
ridiculously powerful so we've
effectively like added an employee to
know Novo without paying another Cent
um we'd oh I'll introduce another tool
that we've been using I need to log out
of it real quick
okay so uh this is called Write Sonic
and what right Sonic is is this is an AI
writer but specifically for SEO and
marketing and ads so uh what we usually
do is this is pretty expensive so I
would say pretty expensive it I mean
like it's it's just way more expensive
than um chat gbt3 they have this
different levels of words we only use
premium and so for 19 000 words and for
one User it's 13 bucks I mean still
incredibly cheap right like insanely
worth your time but what we do is we use
the paid version of chat gbt3 the
playground we we get our question to a
place that we want it and then we paste
that into here and we get it actually
like really strong output so
um I'll speak a little bit about AI
training
um because it's really important for for
the context of this video
AI as a whole
um is going to be the same right so if
AI is training on the totality of human
knowledge then every product that comes
out about AI will be eventually be
trained the same so the people the so
the the products are going to be
interesting are going to be AIS that are
trained on a specific data set to
accomplish a certain outcome hopefully
that makes sense so like for example
instead of just having chat gbt3 which
is like the totality of of general
knowledge that it's pulling from
and AI product could produce only
something that um is relevant to
marketers or relevant to copywriting or
relevant to ad creation that is what
right Sonic is Right Sonic is an agency
that has years and years and years of
data it's aggregated that has built a
specific trained AI on copywriting and
marketing and we find that it is very
good for its price uh you could actually
just log in for free and try it out with
um with nothing and we we um use the
free service for a while until we decide
to pay the 19 000 per 12 I think we've
only spent like maybe 20 or 30 on this
for the outputs we're getting and we've
done just a ton of stuff from it with it
we've done everything from offers to
influencers to um contracts to like
different kinds of ads for tick tock for
business that we're working on for
certain brands so there's just an
enormous amount of stuff that you can do
with targeted stuff like this
um and there's a million different
products like this what uh so that's why
it's important that I I tell you what to
look for which is you need to look for
products that are trained on a certain
data set that makes sense for what
you're looking for so if you are looking
at an AI product that is trained on all
of the data that has come out from
scientific research in the past like 20
years and you're looking to like find
some studies that's going to be really
powerful right but if you're just
looking at a product that's basically a
rebranded chat gbt3 that is trained on
the same data the chat cbt3 is like
that's not going to work just use chat
tbt3 and there's believe me there are a
billion million websites out there right
now that are just chat gbt3 with a hat
on so be aware when you're looking at a
product and when you're looking at a
tool is this just chat gbt3
um the tools that I've shown you are
ones that I've already vetted as very
powerful Alternatives or things that are
trained on separate data than chat gbt3
okay so
um yeah overall I think that AI
um
is is going to be so powerful for the
first like the next like couple years
because people are just not gonna get it
yet they just they they don't understand
that this thing can build entire
businesses from the ground up not and
and the way that people are using it is
like they're trying to use it to solve
these like really complex tasks or
they're trying to find fault with it and
say well it's not always accurate or
whatever instead of ignoring the fact
that like most of work right like most
of work 30 to 50 percent of work as we
Define it is like rote it's
just like we have to send emails we have
to like think about ideas we have to
like figure out like what steps are next
for some like offer page or whatever
like chat TV3 solves all those problems
so what you should look at it as is like
how many hours can I add back into my
week so that I could either do more
important high level or I could do
cool stuff right whatever that be that's
the kind of stuff that you want to look
at for um using chat epp3 so I hope that
these tools have been helpful to you um
and you can leave a comment or whatever
if they have have and tell me some tools
that might you might be using I'm always
interested integrating it and and stay
tuned to me I will continue to like as
soon as I find something incredible I'm
going to be sharing it on patreon in
real time
um because we at Nova we're really
working on this all the time we got a
bunch of people on this full time so
um please do share if you have anything
but be confident that I will be sharing
things that I find are most effective
for what we do as well all right okay
thanks everybody bye
