okay hello so today i want to talk about
one of the most important marketing
concepts and it's going to help anybody
whether you're a content creator or
business owner or pretty much anybody
that's listening to this
it's going to help a huge deal i want to
talk about secondary
marketing platforms or or untapped
marketing resources so i'm going to give
the concept and then i'm also going to
give specific examples of what i think
are like underutilized marketing sources
so let me explain like first what i mean
and then we'll kind of get into like
writing it out and everything
um the the number one thing i notice
about marketers and people that are
building a brand or a business is that
um
they
the vast vast majority of them even
major broadcasters and major
consecrators and major business people
they will focus on like whatever the
meta is uh and very much like um you
know probably most of my crossover
audience here as gamers there's a meta
to a game right like there's a certain
build that is correct or there's a
certain
class that's strong and in the exact
same way people
um focus on like a meta in in business
and they focus on a meta and marketing
uh where they'll do something because
like pretty much everybody else is doing
it and i want to provide what i think
the strongest marketing concept is which
is um
it's funny that i
i reference this book because the book
is i wouldn't recommend reading it
it's called blue ocean strategy and and
what it is is that um it's a very simple
concept which is why you don't need to
read a book because i can explain it to
you right here and save you 14 bucks
um the idea is like if there's a lot of
shark eating the fish in the water then
the ocean becomes blood red and you
won't be able to get much fish so you
should just move over to an ocean that's
a blue ocean where there's tons of fish
and there's not so many competitors it's
a really easy concept to understand but
yet like nobody thinks about it or does
it and and it's weird how much it can
transform your business when
you start to think about it so
um
let's say content creation is example
it's a pretty good one right now um
everybody thinks about streaming on
twitch and and like i've built like a
huge part of my brand just telling you
to stream other places and and when
people do they get crazy results right
um in business most people think about
like okay well how am i going to market
well i'll use youtube or or maybe i'll
i'll do pay-per-click but maybe that's
not like the absolute best thing to do
like for example 90 plus percent of
pay-per-click advertising goes through
google but bing is a perfectly
reasonable search engine to use has 20
of the audience and is off almost always
way less price for the exact same
keywords so um what we tend to think of
is like and i'll just use content
creation as kind of an ongoing example
here just to explain the concept we
think of something like twitch and we
think okay um what's what's twitch's
market share right now it's like 65
or so let's say it's 65 percent i think
it's pretty close
uh so let's say that and then to make it
really easy we'll say that six in every
10 people are on twitch right so if you
want to be a streamer
you should stream on twitch because six
of every ten people are there well wait
a minute forev but there's still four
people that are on other platforms right
for every one of those six so that
easily means that you could be one of
those people appealing to those four
people and have a incredibly successful
brand right and
and furthermore um let's say that for
every six of those people
there's
i don't know 15 streamers
it's something like uh like the viewer
it's a streamer ratio right
but for every
four
of those people on the alternate
platform
there might be four streamers or or two
streamers or one streamer and so
oftentimes if we think about some of the
most effective marketing platforms that
i'm going to be talking about today in
this talk um
the the ratio of people creating content
on a platform like instagram is uh
oftentimes
much more right and and saturated
whereas like the ratio of people
consuming content on certain platforms
versus the people posting content
there's actually way more people
consuming it so on twitch like twitch
has a classic problem of having
um
six million or actually nine million
yeah it's higher nine million
broadcasters um to every
two
or we should say 20 million daily active
users so so you're looking at a
situation where it's almost two to one
right yet if you go over to youtube um
then like look at that ratio there's two
billion potential people who could
consume your stream but vastly less
streamers right so that's using this
example of streaming we're going to like
start this concept off so the idea is
and don't worry it doesn't just apply to
consecration because i'm going to put up
a huge amount of examples
um the idea is you should always look at
yourself you should say what marketing
platforms am and verticals am i ignoring
because i might be trying to catch a
trend or i might be trying to do
something that i think is meta because a
lot of other people are doing it there's
a there's a there's a lot of fear and
it's like an emotional thing that holds
people back from making decisions about
marketing other platforms they think
it's automatically going to fail because
not enough people do it there's like a
huge mentality of like following the
herd kind of and there there's there's
so many people that'll actually do this
so i i think like let me just kind of
start on some examples and and you'll
sort of see what i mean as i sort of
breach out this concept okay
let's start with like local businesses
so right now how do local businesses
advertise well well most of them will do
um
traditional advertising through like uh
like i don't know like articles or
newspapers or things like that um a lot
of them will do like local events stuff
like on facebook events or things like
that i think the most underutilized um
method of of advertising local
businesses is small instagram
influencers
so people that are
local to your area
sub 400
followers you just dm
and so um
i had a friend that ran a vietnamese
restaurant and he did this for like 20
influencers and said hey get a free meal
um
with as many people as you want come in
take pictures of your meal post on
instagram that's all we ask right and
then shout out to place
and this like 20 influencers 400
followers and 20 free dinners later um
and you can pay a small amount too
because some influence would be like
well i want like a hundred bucks or
whatever but these are people 400
followers so usually they'll be glad to
come in with like a like um
for a small meal and and this concept
when i'm talking about this idea of like
um low saturation marketing you see most
people are just going to instantaneously
think of the biggest instagram
influencers like i want kylie jenner to
like come in and eat at my place right
not realizing that just with what
especially is your local business with a
little bit of work you know just dming
these people directly um they probably
won't even ask for any money they're
probably just regular people just
surprised that you consider them an
influencer get anyway the the end of
that story the person that ran that
restaurant
um
literally
quadrupled the number of people coming
in just by that with that advertising
that was all they did right but there's
other things that are really
underutilized too so for example um
google business right uh google business
registration which is like a really
simple process that's free that you can
just register and um
and it's great for local stuff uh any
kind of like uh facebook posts or
advertising
right works like particularly well for
local businesses and uh and on and on it
goes but i'm gonna give some examples
that are i think more i think we have
most of an audience here is like in this
sort of tech or content creation space
so i'm going to start giving examples
that i think are um
really under utilized there and i'm
going to go by platform now
just to give you an example so like
here's an example of one that i think is
like incredibly underutilized linkedin
right so some of you heard me talk about
this and some of the ways to utilize it
um linkedin currently has over 700
million users uh but the number of
content creators on it i i'm pretty sure
we could count in the thousands
if if if not the hundreds seriously
right nobody thinks about creating
content on linkedin but as soon as you
go to linkedin
you'll see and i'll i'll pull up a page
for you
um
you'll see like a like a facebook-esque
level uh post and and people getting
incredible great engagement on it so
this is like kevin lynn the the ceo of
uh twitch previous ceo here's ryan who's
runs uh runs youtube
gaming um
you'll see that like there are some
people that like post on here but uh but
very very few people but the people that
do uh even for like relatively no
following get like really incredible
numbers like this person right here has
like 612 um
uh likes right and um
i'm not even sure
like what this person's following is
right
so like we can go through here and we
can find people that like really don't
have a brand that's like established
anywhere else but you can see like their
engagement numbers are really crazy and
i'll use a personal example my my great
friend ethan evans who is uh formerly
amazon uh vp
he um posts on linkedin or uh
or had a habit of doing it i'm not sure
if he's still doing it we can check real
quick
um and hit and with just a little bit of
work he was getting um unbelievable
engagement on a lot of his posts right
uh as well as syndicating his youtube
videos here
and we can look at his timeline
and we can see um
i don't know how to browse linkedin
right now they're always changing it
his activity
under posts
and you'll um it won't show you what the
visibility of these is but he has shown
me on the back end that many of these
posts like this one has 459 likes right
and this is a person who has like no
following elsewhere a couple thousand
subs on youtube right um
280 185 341. these are life-changing
numbers for small content creators or
business owners because not uh 966 on
this one right um
really incredible results right he has
told me that that many of these posts
have over 20 000 impressions on them and
some up to 200 to 300 000 impressions
which is life-changing for a content
creator so the reason this is happening
is because of this aforementioned low
saturation strategy linkedin is a place
where people aren't at creating content
and everybody just assumes that you
don't create content there there will be
some number of people listening to this
talk that are like oh you know like um
that seems kind of silly or it's not
really relevant to me because i make
gaming content or whatever i'm not going
to do it and and like out of the people
that are even in in a dedicated audience
of people listening to to one of them
a sophisticated marketer tell you this
you won't do it like you'll think um oh
it's not for me i don't want to give it
a try whatever whatever your reason is
going to be and that'll be what the
person who does do it will succeed in
right linkedin is an incredibly
successful platform with 700 million
users that is desperate for content and
um even so even so much so that they
actually created a creator program with
a with a huge prize pool it's like it's
like um
like thousands of dollars that they're
trying to select people to to bring on
onto linkedin and their team is willing
to work with you like directly to to
come on and create things on linkedin
it's not only a situation where
um people who create professional
content can succeed there right um it's
also people like that are gamers it's
also people that are creating any kind
of tertiary content or strategy or
things like that like if i had a gaming
strategy channel so one of the things
that i i i look at some of these content
creators like ludwig you know um just
like a very successful like twitch and
youtube consecrator and i'm like man
what would happen if i took a year just
to do content one day i might do this if
like after i sell this company and and
i'm you know maybe i'm through company
number two and during a break i just
take a year to make content because the
things i could do if i didn't have a
full-time job it would be absolutely
insane i would be on every platform like
this taking advantage of these things
because there's always things like this
linkedin it would be an incredible
platform for like a secondary i'd
probably want to make like a gaming
strategy channel talk about aoe4 talk
about lost ark talk about a new world
like cool games like that i i love
gaming i love creating content around
gaming i've been passionate about it for
years i'd create something like that i'd
absolutely post it on linkedin because i
know there's an audience there that yeah
they might come on the website that are
looking for jobs um just like you might
go on facebook to see your friends but
you are still a gamer and you're still
interested in content like that if you
see something like that that's titled
well this performs well you'll click on
it and that kind of brings me to another
example which is facebook um actually
the inspiration to make this video came
from mastermind chat because people were
talking about the engagement on facebook
i think right now that facebook is like
the most slept on platform for
businesses just just flat out it's it's
absolutely the best place to run ads
um full stop like i i don't think
there's a better place to run ads i
don't think you get a more targeted
audience i don't think that you can get
a more relevant audience and i don't
think you get higher conversions for the
price you pay um it's a great place to
build pages
and um
a great one of my great friends and and
a
huge ally to the devin nash community uh
jeremy gaming curios he's built several
pages by just running ads on facebook to
generate enough of a community presence
to get them to follow and subscribe to
his page that he then stops those ads
and those pages make an average of two
thousand to four thousand dollars a
month just passively now right because
he's built those audiences on them so if
you have extra income for your business
or for your content creation building a
facebook page like this is something
everybody should have and you should be
syndicating your videos
across youtube um
to the the facebook page and and it
could do absolutely no harm and and so
there's some um techniques that work
better for facebook than that that work
for youtube for example uh facebook
doesn't uh it doesn't like platform
you should be able to watch a facebook
video muted because most people see it
on their page in their timeline but
those are still views there's still
potentially monetized views there's
still still exposure to your brand
and so um there are many content
creators i've seen that have not become
successful on youtube but they
syndicated their videos over to facebook
and they got you know two to five
thousand views per video and actually i
was one of these content creators i was
syndicating a bunch of my initial dev
and nash videos when i was running clg
uh i was also subjecting them to
facebook and universally the videos did
way better on facebook than they did on
youtube now i i since eclipsed that with
youtube because i studied the marketing
on youtube but i didn't keep up facebook
i i didn't do it because i've always had
full-time positions that um i've been
involved in when i'm uh doing content so
i i could never maintain these platforms
but i would absolutely have a facebook
page so it's a wonderful place to have a
page it's a wonderful place to have a
following to engage with it and and
these are real people that are engaging
with you there and again there's not as
many content creators there so it can be
a
an awesome platform to participate in so
i think facebook is really underutilized
by content creators i think everybody
that makes videos should do it i think
everyone that runs a local or or
business selling product should probably
run some amount of ads on facebook
whether you can donate ten dollars a day
or fifty dollars a day to it uh as long
as you have a direct landing page which
uh which somebody can land on to buy
your product or service i think you'd be
very surprised at the results of it um
i've thought about running high-end
consulting if i wanted to expand my
consulting business
i would i would probably run high-end
facebook ads towards uh executives in in
the gaming industry or or publishers and
i'd probably throw 20 a day at that and
it would be i think i'd probably have
more work than i know to do with
so um
by the way that's all that's secondary
for linkedin as well running consulting
service business um
like i actually uh get a huge amount of
work
it's kind of silly just from people who
have no idea about my brand or that i
have a youtube or anything and the only
thing i change this is just an example
of how powerful this is
um
the only thing i changed is i put at the
top of my profile here under experience
senior gaming industry consultant
and then i use the keywords gaming
esports and tech space so what happens
is these headhunter firms reach out to
me and they say hey i saw that you're
consulted on linkedin um i looked at
your information and this leads to a
google doc which is just my my profile
uh you can just like check like what i
speak in and things like that i have
gotten a ton of work off of this this is
all i did i don't i don't i don't even
post on linkedin if i posted like any
kind of articles or syndicated my videos
so they went out to search
man i would have a i mean i could
literally quit today and i'd have a
full-time consulting business at 500 an
hour no problem because of this one
thing right and if i if i did a facebook
uh post that i could you could double
that so like that's an example of like
uh there's a perfect example and and by
the way like um before people were like
oh well you're devin nash whatever these
people aren't familiar with my brand
like these people don't know that i have
a youtube don't know that i have a
twitch they don't care they're not in
that space these are people that are
like from like f500 consulting
headhunter header agencies uh like ball
right like just like huge um companies
that are looking for people to con
there's a lot of like head hunter
consulting agencies that connect a
consultant together with somebody that
is in a company and so a company will
hire this agency to kind of like go out
and find relevant consultants so let's
go on linkedin and search for keywords
like for esports or things like that
so um being a senior gaming industry
consultant uh well i i do happen to be
qualified i could easily not be
qualified i'd still post this and i
would get just as much work it would
change nothing right um now i might not
get as much return work because people
would use my services and then be like
oh this guy's an idiot um but i would
still get the initial work and and it
would be a full it'd be beyond a
full-time job trust me uh with the
amount of info that i get and that's
without me doing facebook page
advertising
or linkedin advertising this is a small
example of like how if you just think
outside the box a little bit um
it it it's just it can be so incredible
for your results it just pisses me off
so much that like whenever i see like a
person that's streaming and they're just
spending six to eight hours a day on on
twitch it drives me crazy like like the
you could not find a worse use of your
time or or like a a business person
who's working on the business working on
the business and like not really doing
anything but like rather than just like
posting or utilizing some kind of
content creation strategy on like one of
these like facebook or or secondary
platforms
90 of available products you could sell
or market on something like linkedin for
everything else i'll give you the next
one there's pinterest so pinterest is
actually a fantastic website it's
extremely accessible to women it's one
of the it's like if you want to know you
know how like um all the data that we
pull for like youtube and twitch and
whatever and gaming it's all male
dominated
you want to know where all the women are
hiding it's on pinterest that's where
all the women are hiding something like
60
of the uh audience of like pinterest is
female uh it's an incredible marketing
platform you can create pages on it and
then they can be searched by keyword and
you can do so if you're like an apparel
brand um i would
instantaneously create a create
something on this so um i'm gonna use
the example of like uh a hundred thieves
where you could uh just like
use one of these and this basically like
syndicated off of uh instagram and then
you could um
see that they're selling right here and
this is like a marketplace
with over 466 000 followers whoops this
one's somewhere random
right
and you could just shop here directly
i've never been here in my life but i'm
just showing you like 10 million plus
monthly views on this one brand right
how crazy is that they're just they're
just selling stuff like this this like
these guys are killing it that's a
million dollar business on pinterest no
problem right how many people do you
think are doing this very very few
people are doing this like a lot of
apparel brands are advertising via
instagram
and this is the website so they're i i
wonder if they're kind of doing
knock-off stuff let me just double check
real quick um
so i don't know if they're doing uh
knockoff stuff or what um or if they're
or or what it is but uh they're pointing
back to their own website
and you're clicking through and you're
looking at some sold out hoodie here
right for 16 bucks that was like 225 or
whatever and then like this is pointing
in so this this is like an example of
something that's intelligently using
pinterest in order to market to people
right they're just they're posting
boards and they're selling apparel and
they're they're throwing people to their
website to be able to get it at at a
huge rate like 440 000 followers on
pinterest so why do they have so many
followers because they are one of the
only people that's doing this right um
instagram a lot of
apparel brands market through instagram
but a lot don't so there's still
room there um in particular instagram
stories so they are incredibly effective
right um just making brands and products
there uh but that's like maybe one of
the more saturated places because like
the first so like if you think
what's the first thing you think of
streaming twitch uh posting pictures
instagram um
talking to your friends facebook okay
whatever the first thing you think of is
that's the thing you don't want to do
okay so like if you're streaming and
and the first idea is the stream on
twitch you're probably going to fail
because that's what everybody thinks if
if like you're where's the first place
to post videos well like okay youtube
well okay youtube you can succeed
definitely you've got to game the system
you've got to be real good right it's
harder to succeed than it is on vimeo
it's hard to see it on facebook but you
have vods so you could post on all three
right like and there's there's no
crossover saturation or audience
um so people are sleeping on this
another one and this is gonna sound like
hella stupid it's just a website
okay so i've been blown away by it by um
i wrote um a copy and i need to redo
this because we're not even like this
kind of company anymore but for nova.tv
i this is the company that i run the
agency
um
i wrote this website
and uh i did all the the copy for it and
everything and i get tons of inquiries
from brands and broadcasters and people
that have no idea who devon nash is they
like my
i've always thought that the the
majority of my inquiries would come in
via my youtube or my twitch presence or
whatever they don't like they come in
through the website they cut and they
come in through like these like
alternative forms of media and uh
and such
so just building a website for your
brand or building a website for your
company and then just using a lot of seo
keywords and just putting it up and
making it like a multi-page like good
website is like a really easy thing to
do that's like another alternative that
a lot of people don't consider
um instagram tv right this is maybe a
great example of like a platform where
nobody actually posts there but a ton of
people consume it the perfect example of
like a
of a place where people like are never
at um what else have we got uh on this
list here
uh i've got uh let's see twitter right
so a lot of people um they just use
twitter as a
sort of like platform for kind of
posting nonsense but it's a great
platform for posting um and getting high
engagement on things so i use twitter
pretty targetedly but uh if you look at
like my overall engagement on twitter
it's insane right for my following so i
i regularly get like um
at least 1k likes per post and
occasionally i have one that's like
really crazy i don't post that often um
i but i do
post uh i do post things that are
directly i only post things that are
like relevance like this one has 10k
likes and was a commentary on a on an
article or something right and i do that
for brand presence um and to kind of
keep awareness in the space
but again
using me as an example very
underutilized because i can't create
content even near full-time uh you know
even as of this as of now i have just
like a few hours a week to work on this
so that like pretty much manifests like
a couple patreon videos um the stuff i
do for patreon and like the things i do
on youtube that's it right
but you if you're running a business or
you're a content creator or brand you
have so much more potential to do this
and so the question you should be asking
yourself
is like what
do i think
are the underutilized platforms um or
how do i think i could use some of the
things that devon has said in these in
in this talk right like how do i think i
could utilize some of those
and what can i do with them and like
could i take an hour of my day to do
like skunk work stuff right like that's
uh skunkworks refers to um i think it's
google that like 10 or 20
of an employee's time should be on
something completely different from what
they're working on and and this it is
google yeah uh 10 or 20
of of employees time
for most people at google should be
spent on like products that they just
want to work on and that they think are
cool so a lot of things emerged from
this including gmail was a skunk works
project and in the exact same way you
should dedicate a certain percentage of
your day right i would say 10 to 20
which is substantial like if you work
you know um
six hours like you should be spending 45
minutes to an hour on this um so it's a
little bit more than 15 right maybe 20
of your time
on some kind of alternative marketing um
because i think that's what's going to
produce a lot of results for you and and
this is actually true in in in general
like if you you should spend if you're
completely invested in the s p 500 you
should have some kind of fund that is
invested in weird things like
cryptocurrencies or alts or things like
that and if you are doing a job where
you're you know invested by a certain
percentage in something you should
invest a certain percentage of it in
improving your position in that job
creating sops for your job creating more
value right like like um
you should always set aside a dedicated
amount of time um that is going to
create some other alternate results in
your life and that for me is content
creation by the way that's that's what
um one of the reasons why i do content i
have a passion for it but it's also
because like that's my 20 like my my
main thing is is novo right like like
novo is going to be the thing that i
sell the second company i sell building
business is something i know how to do i
you know it's me talking to um either my
direct reports or or people within the
company or making things happen for the
company that's always my standard go-to
but content creation keeps me in the
game keeps me sharp um differs me from
other people and it's like that side
project i don't have to do content
creation right like the the money is
it's not about money for me um but it's
about having that like sort of 15 or 20
vertical that i'm doing on the on the
side and i also apply that to my real
life right like i'm taking tai chi or
i'm taking some kind of improv class or
i'm taking something that is different
from what i'm doing um vastly different
from what i'm doing so like um i think
the one i'm looking into now is i'll
probably actually join a real zen center
and and start meditating in a zen center
um
and uh just learning things like that um
you'll notice that like really highly
successful people not saying i'm highly
successful but like like i i i the trend
of highly successful people that i've
talked to have all have things like this
they're learning their language or
they're they're donating some percentage
of their time to doing something that is
esoteric and in the exact same way um i
i think what you can do is um like gary
vaynerchuk talks a lot about this like
multi-posting thing and he has a thing
like uh
vaynerchuk post
90 things a day some crazy thing like
this oh yeah uh how to create 64 pieces
of content in a day
and so what he does is like he goes
through it's like this presentation
and he takes like content that he has
like a tweet and then he makes it into
an instagram post and then he like
changes it a little bit for the platform
and this is like garyvee's style of
marketing and i think because again like
garyvee is like a very popular figure
this has become like a meta and people
say to post things everywhere but i
don't like this number one i i don't
think it's realistic to post like a ton
of content all the time um i think what
you do is you start off and shotgun to
like six platforms so like have a tick
tock have a snapchat have a pinterest
have an instagram have a twitter and
post there for maybe like one to two
months and maybe you rotate through um
this guy's similar to something i do
with like supplements where like i'll
take one supplement for 30 days like
analyze what happens and then i'll kick
it out if it doesn't do anything or i'll
and i'll move on to the next one and
then i'll kind of keep a list of ones
that i know are producing results for me
like vitamin d has been a consistent one
just like i it just produces results
and uh like in that same way you'll find
platforms that overperform for you so i
did this right like i i created a tick
tock and created a snapchat created a
bunch of different uh platforms but most
of them didn't take off but youtube did
uh and so i kept with it and and i was
eventually able to transition uh
completely off of twitch which is
something i wanted to do for a long time
just because of my youtube and i i do
better now than i i did there um so uh
you'll find these platforms like out of
the four the five six platforms that you
are working on you'll find like one or
two that are just overperforming for you
um they'll most likely be ones that
other people are not on or are
considering as heavily because of the
reasons that i've made in this video and
then you'll be like [ __ ] okay well i'm
gonna create stuff for those and uh and
there you go like right and like all of
a sudden um yeah sure no one's heard of
you on twitch okay you're not like
you're not like a a top streamer there
but like
you're making 200 or 300k a year off of
an alternate platform it to a dedicated
audience and and like i would argue that
that's like so much better you know
because like you don't want
the the like the the fame and the clout
and all the cost that um
being whatever that your vision is of
your ego is saying is like going to make
you like fulfilled because you're well
known on those platforms like will not
actually bring you any happiness like
your your goal should be to make the
most amount of money with the least
amount possible of actual investment of
time and resources and then you go back
into your life and you go okay what do i
actually want to accomplish like what do
i what's really meaningful to me how do
i want to spend my time
and uh you you can't do that if you get
married to something like like uh like a
live streaming platform like twitch or
or or creating even creating like
constant everyday content on youtube or
something like that which is one of the
reasons i don't recommend consecration
is like a a regular uh job it should be
sort of a secondary even tertiary thing
like it is for me
so um yeah like these are these are some
things to think about basically no
matter who you are i think um you can
benefit from thinking this way and
thinking about like alternate platforms
and like what uh what you can benefit
from i'll do a follow-up video with this
like if there's more questions but i i
think for now like this is probably a
good start to just like how to think
about this this kind of topic and um
figure out what you want to do and and i
would encourage you to go out to like at
least one platform and try something
different and try start start trying to
uh
create there or or move your product or
service there and see what happens or or
toss a little bit of extra money at one
of those platforms like facebook ads and
learn the system um some people have
been asking for a ppc video and that
might be coming up uh later but yeah for
now that's it thanks a lot and talk soon
