hello so i want to talk about v tubing a
bit that's because there are a lot of v
tubers in the community and also because
it's a conversation that is coming up a
lot in the space i think that even for
people that are interested in v tubing
this will be useful because i want to
talk a little bit about advertising it
might change your mind on or kind of
change your framework of how you think
about things in terms of advertising so
v tubing is interesting because in one
way
absolutely nothing is different about v
tubing and in another way
everything is different so i'll try to
explain what i mean
v tubing is just content creation right
the monetization model fundamental to v
tubing hasn't changed so or
fundamentally content creation hasn't
changed for youtubers so
you monetize the same way right you're a
content creator you get money off of ads
you get money off of subscriptions if
you're on a streaming platform or if
you're making vods you get money that
way nothing about being a vtuber has
really changed anything um so i i it's
weird that people think about v2 being
as like adjacent or even different from
the content creation industry like it's
some kind of like huge change it isn't
because as long as the money at the
as long as the money that sort of
supports the foundation of it is the
same that model that model of
monetization is the same that it's not
different like this for example like i
can make youtube videos about uh vr
worlds or i can make youtube videos
about
uh the best types of bottled water in
2021. it doesn't really fundamentally
matter even though those are maybe
like as long because they're both videos
they're both monetized right in the
exact same way so v tubing is the same
thing right it's it and
but there's something that's changing
about v tubing
that i think is is really significant
and that's what i want to talk about and
and the ways that like in another way
it's actually like completely different
from anything we've ever seen before and
that's the way that virtual worlds kind
of incorporate so i'm gonna go grab uh
this here we're gonna pull out the
notepad
so i want you to take a look at uh this
it's gonna look a little bit weird uh
this is vr chat and there's a world
called callus row this is a vr world
that used to be run
um
by arcadium who has now
found out some kind of iffy stuff about
him so this this is no longer a thing
but i wanted to pull
this up because i want you to take a
look at this image here on the on on the
right uh and and uh like what do you see
so this is a vr world
that uh that exists and it's one of many
different maps they call them in vr chat
where you can kind of wander around and
if you have a vr headset you can wander
around as a character in these and this
is a this in particular is a
role-playing community that involves
several streamers so what do we see
in this uh in this here well to me the
most interesting thing about this is how
advertising opportunities appear
so
the model of vod
and the model of streaming allows for
certain types of advertisements so you
can do banner ads where you have like
something show up on the stream you can
do calls to action you can do product
placement right you can do
all kinds of different stuff with video
and um
and and live streaming
what v tubing changes is the way
it enables more ways for advertisers to
interact with something like a vaude or
a
stream that i think uh people are
thinking about and this is really ahead
of its time like i think this is years
ahead of like what people are thinking
about but like look at uh just in
particular these are all end game ads
like tolaris is like a corporation
within um this this universe but these
could easily be ads for coca-cola or for
7up or for whatever right these could
easily be banner ads but let me give you
another example right uh within a vr
chat world you could make a roller
coaster that's like sponsored by cash
app that had that you get into and you
see like signs and then maybe you win
something at the end so v tubing is
interesting because it enables a
different type of advertising than i
think has ever been thought of before
and
the
and there's a couple of other
interesting things too just from like a
content creation standpoint like there
there's um there's a certain
value that's a uh attached to
3d spaces and we're starting to see this
with like nfts where like digital
products can have value
now you might like agree or disagree
with the concept of nfts but what you
can't deny is like there's money moving
through it there's a market there are
there are people buying it and and for
the foreseeable future we are going to
see
digital goods continue to be monetizable
i don't think that's going away even if
nfts are like a fad and no one really
does it after a while that's really
highly debatable like the topic of
another video um i i don't think the
digital products are going away things
like mtx um and i think that
cryptocurrency is opening the door for
games
and
other kinds of like alternate currencies
to exist and for people to earn them so
for example like if you look at like
southeast asia right now there's uh
products there's cryptocurrencies like
axi that are being incorporated into
products that are games where people are
being paid to farm that cryptocurrency
and exchange in exchange for real money
um that otherwise these people that
would be working in construction jobs or
low labor jobs or uh difficult third
world country jobs are on their phones
which they all have earning money
through uh generating cryptocurrency so
like
digital products have value and
uh a vtuber isn't we think of youtubers
i think in too small of a way we're
thinking of youtubers in terms of like a
character on a screen that just replaces
the streamer well if that's all i am
then i'm exactly the same as a streamer
basically minus like some uh personal
stuff like it's more comfortable for
some females to be youtubers it's more
comfortable for some males to be
youtubers which is great it enables more
people to be content creators but i
think that that's like what we look at
at v2 we say oh like this is an
opportunity for
um
more people that's kind of like that
it's true but it's like sort of smaller
thinking like i'm thinking about like
okay if i just take a vtuber and i put
them on a screen that's pretty similar
to
what i already had before but if i put
them in a virtual environment that's
really different so then you look at
people like silvervale that have uh that
did dance videos and that's really
interesting right or like silverville
kind of exists in a um
like
world for a little while and you look at
her most popular videos
and i'm pretty sure they're all those
dance videos
like this right so
these kind of videos right where she
exists in an actual environment
um i think this is where there is some
really enormous potential for vtubing um
and vr chat where advertising can be put
into any of these spaces and the way
that the character interacts with the um
that space is completely malleable to
whoever is doing the creative design for
that advertising that's really
interesting so um as of now
nobody that i have ever heard of is
selling this kind of thing to brands
it would be pretty difficult to educate
and communicate but this is like
definitely something we could look into
in the future and there's other
opportunities like vr real estate
there's opportunities with nfts right
now for youtubers to to for you to have
a piece of like a sort of digital like
clothing for example that goes on a v
tuber like silver vera or momo right
like can this can this outfit have
digital value that somebody else owns
right as a portion of an nft absolutely
right these are these are ways that we
could uh monetize outside of the way
that we're thinking about v tubing right
now uh and and so what i'm meaning to
illustrate is that
like the level we're at with v-tubing
and the value attached to 3d spaces and
is like level one out of like level
1000.
no one's like these are just things that
i'm thinking of right now that i can see
that are like maybe three four five
years out uh and some people like uh um
enterprising v tubers who are starting
to grow followings could actually
monetize right now in this way like i'm
pretty convinced that like code miko or
um or or silvervale or uh any of the
like like larger concurrent viewer
broadcaster youtubers or even the
youtubers like neanders they could
probably do this right now they could
probably um create a digital product
that would uh have value or or nfts that
had limited edition value uh and if you
don't believe that like um there there's
many people on twitch already that have
monetized clips through nft so like you
you there there's uh they've created
like a set of ten of their top clips
that you can own a portion of uh and
then they sell them and they sell for
like 100 bucks a pop or 500 bucks a pop
or in one case uh a thousand dollars a
pop like with the stock guy
so this is happening right and these are
these are things to think about in terms
of youtubing
that to me is the most interesting thing
about be tubing to me there is no
real objective difference between v
tubing content creation and
actual
like traditional content creation with
like a person i don't think that those
are
the there's a i don't think that the
ceiling or the growth or that the
any of the data around those projects
are any different like i think if you
have a v tuber versus a content creator
they're still judged
on the same
concepts
that
a
um
traditional content creator would be
like you're not going to grow more or
less because you're a v tuber there's
people that have made the argument that
there's like this sort of like
niche
of
more
anime
like 3d slash like vr interested people
but you can make that same argument for
like that's just the total adjustable
market right that's that's true for any
content creator like if i'm creating
business content there's some amount of
people that are interested in business
too
so there's like whether i'm here talking
to you about the future of youtubing as
this person or a giant fox creature
doesn't matter really i think i think
that the potential growth is the same
and i i think for v tubers should be
careful as content creators to like sort
of separate themselves from content
creation because they might start to
think that different rules apply to them
when there are there's no analytics or
data to um support that uh it's pretty
much the same thing and and again as
long as the monetization and methodology
of discovery is the same so so how you
discover a youtuber streamer and how you
discover a v2 provost is exactly the
same it's it's uh you know it's seo it's
search it's um it's it's it's organic
discovery it's uh it's reddit posts it's
clips it's it's it's all the same
there's nothing fundamentally different
between v tubers and um people that are
uh
not youtubers that should comfort
in case you think that you're in some
kind of like uh niche category where you
can only grow to a certain amount i i i
it's we haven't seen a youtuber that's
like absolutely max like massive with
like 50 million subscribers yet and i
think that's just because that's really
hard to attain anyway and uh the space
is still very new right and a lot of
people don't realize that like if you're
looking at somebody like mr beast or
somebody that has like 50 million
subscribers
in many cases it takes like 10 to 15
years for that content creator to get to
that point of creating constant content
and learning how to do that so we're
just not seeing that in the v-tubing
space yet because we don't have that
digital footprint that lasts that long i
think that's pretty straightforward it's
not because the ceiling is is like oh
neanders is the ceiling or or like two
to three million subs on youtube is the
ceiling i don't think that's the case um
i think that you could go as far as
anyone on youtube has gone as a v tuber
uh what i'm saying is i don't think
there's anything fundamentally different
the the thing to think about though and
the exciting stuff is in the sort of
value and
and what's attached to 3d spaces like
are we going to see real estate are we
going to see v2 pro homes can those be
monetized would other people go into
them are we going to see people in vr
chat that are going to be able to
monetize maps and make like like big
patreons and make support structures um
are youtubers gonna be able to sell
their clothing they're gonna be able to
sell their appearance they're gonna be
able to sell new models they're gonna be
able to sell there's all kinds of
questions literally a million different
questions you can ask along that space
and that's why i created this talk is
because i think that's the most
interesting part of youtubing for me is
like looking at how the advertising
space evolves around it now one thing to
keep in mind probably last thing to keep
in mind is
we're having a hard enough time on the
agency side on the brand side we're
having a hard enough time even just
talking about twitch and youtube and
instagram and and like to to to um
brands like i think a lot of people
don't realize how far behind
especially the major like fortune 500
brands are they're light years behind
like like
educating people on what twitch is or
what youtube live streaming is is a
daily thing for me right i'm talking to
executives who have no concept of these
things the um and you have to keep in
mind that like it was only like two or
three years ago that digital spending on
ads past traditional ads we're talking
like when i say traditional ads i'm
talking like newspaper i'm talking like
um
uh
banner ads like billboards right like
i'm talking like billboards and stadiums
and stuff
there's still it's still like pretty
close to like 50 50. like millions and
billions of dollars are being poured
into traditional ads and television and
that have like no roi compared to the
greater engagement online but that's
that that adoption curve is just so long
for a lot of the um
uh traditional brands so if you if you
look at it in that context and you think
okay well like youtube and twitch
man educating these brands is is so far
out imagine like v2 being imagine like
3d spaces or nfts right like it's going
to be
a decade for sure like before brands are
are are seriously standing behind
those kind of that kind of like uh stuff
and and i think that the uptick for like
three to five years
minimum just from what i'm seeing on the
agency world for educating most of the
major brands on digital spending across
like twitch or youtube right um it is
probably the ticket so v2 be even longer
than that like maybe eight plus but it's
hard to see how things evolve
vr still hasn't gotten a lot of
widespread adoption so just some things
to think about but yeah for me like
um
i think that you can have a conversation
about v-tubing
in the exact same vein as you have a
concept a conversation about the
concepts of
content creation i i think where it
differs is advertising and that's kind
of the interesting subject so hope this
is interesting talk soon
