okay so you're a content creator or
you're in marketing you're making
advertising you're trying to figure out
what is going to make this video or this
social post successful or more
relevantly you are looking at a post
that someone else has made or that you
have made and you are saying what made
this successful this video is about
discussing some of the Core Concepts as
to what makes stuff actually work on the
internet shareable go out and get to a
lot of people and get a lot of
Impressions this question was brought to
us by
noctopus
who is in the Discord Mastermind an
octopus says are there any tips or
things to look out for when you have a
popular social media post or should you
keep making content as usual it happened
to me about four times this year the
tick tocks or tweets have bone up and
caused significant growth surges it is
super cool but I don't know if I miss
any opportunities to engage with them
further or should I try to self-examine
these posts to see what might not what
might be working in these areas or what
might not be working in these newer ones
great this is a super good question yes
you should be introspective on your
posts and your videos that do well what
I have found with a lot of different
creators
is that
they will have these big bangers
and especially new creators actually
this is worth the whole price of the
video and of itself a lot of new
creators will get let's say that they
make like 15 to 20 YouTube videos keep
in mind that I'm using YouTube as a
general idea but this is true for pretty
much every platform or any kind of
marketing that you're doing so whether
you're a brand or whatever is still
relevant
let's say they make like 15 YouTube
videos they'll have one that gets like
30 000 views and they'll take away from
that okay I need to do that exact thing
or I need to stay on that topic and
their whole Channel might become about
that because they said if that works
then I need to do more of this so you'll
start to see like a channel I was
working with on a Consulting thing a
couple weeks ago had a really successful
channel uh that was a game video guide
and then made a lot of videos that
didn't work as well regarding that
particular topic now I think a lot of
people they look at
the titles and the topics of a video or
the topic of a post or the thing they're
actually advertising and they say that's
what made it successful but in this
video we're going to discuss what
actually makes it successful to answer
an octopus's question
okay and we're going to do that by going
into a couple of areas so I want to
differentiate between two forms of
communication just because I think that
covering these two forms of
communication is going to kind of cover
everything that you want to consider
here okay
and then they're going to consider some
general things some of these just go
into video and some of them go into
General things so instead of thinking
about a a thing that you are advertising
as now you could be advertising a video
you get more views you could be
advertising a post to get more stuff on
Twitter you could be advertising a
product whatever instead of thinking
about the topic I want you to think
about the psychology of your viewer and
I want you to think about the psychology
of your impression
what I mean by that impression being you
have impressed upon me one time I have
impressed upon you one time this video
right now that you are watching is one
impression upon you if you go see a
tweet that's two Impressions if you go
see a post for me I made on patreon
that's another three that's three now
every impression should evoke a certain
psychology that you are aware of before
you make that post every viewer that you
have on your content or on your ad or on
your sale should be
getting something from you that you are
aware you are communicating before you
make that thing okay so you have built
this idea out in your head of what you
want them to get out of you your
impression and your sense as them as a
viewer for example
when somebody engages with me I want you
to know immediately that I am an expert
at marketing and that when I discuss
these topics you're going to get an
in-depth empirically backed
evidence-based topic that is a deep
think about how advertising and
marketing really works and you're going
to get something actionable that you can
take away from this and your response
should be cool this is something that I
really am impressed by from an
educational sense and I'm getting a lot
out of that if I've made that impression
upon you I've succeeded and it takes a
lot of work to do that but that's my my
vision your impression you may want to
make upon somebody else might be
entertainment it might be I want
somebody to laugh their ass off at what
I'm doing right that's a really
different impression to make but it's
just as important as what I just said my
the impression I want to make as as an
expert educationalist right but you
might have an impression you want to
make as an expert in a particular field
as a product that does X as a
advertisement that conveys why and or a
person that is just funny as hell right
like you might want to convey I want you
to be I play first person shooters only
and I want you to see that this is the
best gameplay there can be or I am an
Entertainer and I want people to laugh
super hard okay so that's like the
psychology you want to build that first
okay and then we're going to talk about
how to shape that psychology to be
successful
um in line with noctopus's question okay
so let's start talking talking about
some specifics so the first thing is
let's talk about reach so who can access
this topic
so this could be a post it could be a
video this could be a product right how
accessible is it to them
okay so there's a lot to cover just in
this idea
who can access this topic meaning how
many people out of the seven billion
people on Earth are available to receive
this right now that's a multi-layered
question because it's first of all we
have to just talk about infrastructure
like how many people in the world are
going to physically or mentally be able
to see this so if I make a post on
Twitter I've got my pool goes
immediately from 7 billion right down to
380 million so that's a pretty big jump
right all of a sudden I have not I am
not able to access
um the majority of people on Earth okay
and that might sound like yo Devin like
that's a kind of ridiculous thing this
is but this is the first layer we're
trying to think about and let me give
you an example of why this matters so Mr
BEAST's squid game video had 6.1 billion
with a B Impressions okay that means
that basically like one in three people
on earth
saw about that or were impressed upon by
that video right so in terms of reach Mr
Beast Jimmy has started at the highest
level of reach and he has through a
amazing this is one of the reasons why I
often talk favorably of YouTube because
this YouTube is so powerful at reaching
so many people right that at the highest
layer it can access a very high level of
people so first of all who even has the
infrastructure to receive this so now if
you start you'll start seeing why this
is important if we start layering down
Okay so let's say that now out of the
380 million people because I'm making a
tweet I now make a tweet post about
twitch and I'm going to talk about the
news that's happening on Twitch well now
my post goes down to maybe one to two to
three to four or five million like how
many people are really interested in
that particular topic right
um and so my engagement my chance of
Engagement goes quite far down okay and
I want to share a a meme with you to
kind of give you an example of what can
get give you a incredible amount of
Impressions just by accessibility okay
um so just to give an example here this
tweet that I'm going to pull up right
here
after I close like all my DMs and
everything
it reads free for a quick call easier to
explain on the phone okay and it has a
picture of Ben Affleck looking very
stressed in smoking 40K retweets 5 000
quote tweets two thousand four hundred
and eighty thousand likes why did this
tweet do so well to a person who like
doesn't have that big of a following 15
000 followers right
um why this tweet do so so well because
at the highest layer of Twitter
everybody can Vibe with this how many
times have you been in a meeting or
you've been working at a company
somebody calls you up and says can we
where somebody DMS you and says can we
do a quick call and you're like okay I
was really hoping to play dark tide
today right like that that kind of
mindset this is the example of a post
that can has a high potential for reach
because everybody can kind of identify
with the theme of it okay so the um your
but but let's like talk about this a
little bit further right you don't need
everyone to inreach okay because
especially if you're selling an
exclusive product you may just need five
or ten people to respond to that so for
me for example what my company Novo
represents Brands so I need one brand to
say to me you guys are the people we
want to advertise with and we're going
to give you a budget of XYZ to do it and
now I might need five to ten clients for
the year to turn over 15 to 20 million
dollars in my agency right so like I'm
an example of this reach concept that
I'm actually deliberately not trying to
make things that are accessible to huge
amounts of people and one of the
mistakes that people make
as influencers and as and as Brands
frankly is they try to go too high and
they try to reach everyone because they
assume my customers and my audience
bigger is better more people that hear
about me is better and so if I get more
people I'll get more sales or I'll get
more conversions I'll get more views but
that is not necessarily true and the
problem is that the force gets lost
through the trees in that transaction
you make an ad or you make something
that goes out to people and it says oh
like I um I I like like here like it
it's it's an ad basically that tries to
appeal to everyone and and loses it and
does it to no one so for that reason I
think you should always Niche down it
kind of gets worse than that too because
we see people like Jimmy we see people
like Mr Beast we say man we want to be
like that right like I want to get
um I want to get that many YouTube
subscribers but Jimmy makes content that
is quite literally excess accessible to
almost every human being on earth right
and that's that's his mission uh so
generally speaking
there's only one of him right but
there's many many people can fulfill
lots of other niches and so for that
reason I always recommend that on the
reach question you go a couple of layers
down and you try to access a smaller
pool of engaged users on a topic okay so
the first thing we have to Target is
reach that's the first relevant thing
okay the second thing I want to look at
when I'm looking at like a really
successful post okay is controversy did
this drive controversy
and I'm going to point out and I'm going
to link this in the patreon notes but
over here is a I just love this study
I've read it a bunch of times and I
encourage you all to read it
um it's super super helpful to
understand like the psychology and some
of the kind of things I'm talking about
it was published in the uh Journal of
marketing research and it is a analysis
of I think 7 000 posts and articles
and it kind of like goes through what
drives the virality of these things okay
and a huge part of it is the emotion
that it evokes so the first emotion that
I'm interested in is disagreement and
controversy so for example I really like
the concept of like in a tick tock or an
Instagram post you misspell a word I was
just talking to somebody about this you
misspell a word and you can like double
or triple your engagement so like you
know how um you'll watch all those Tick
Tock so there's there's the text and
then the text is misspelled
that's actually deliberate in many
different cases because you'll get so
many comments to say oh you're so stupid
you You misspelled this but that drives
controversy right that's a very exact
that's very base example of controversy
another really easy example of
controversy is political controversy red
versus blue in America right so all I
have to say is something like the woke
left X or the extremist right X and then
I can drive controversy now you want to
be careful right because I immediately
might have made you feel a tinge
uncomfortable and if I did that that's
because in marketing driving too much
controversy can put you in a certain
position that you then have to kind of
work your way through now it might not
be bad but controversy works and if
you're extreme enough you will always
get attention the the lowest hanging
fruit for attention and virality is
controversy straight up and if you go to
every one of those YouTube creators that
is creating drama and building on that
they have no marketing knowledge except
to say the thing that is the most
offensive and the most uh the most
outrageous to most people right that's
that's that's controversial marketing
now I use controversial marketing but I
do it in a way hopefully that keeps my
professionalism in a certain light and I
tend to attack companies and platforms
like I'm happy to attack twitch kind of
endlessly for mistakes that they might
make
um while also championing the things
that they do that are right because it's
easier for me to attack a corporate
entity than a person but as soon as I
attack a person now all of a sudden
um I think that that lacks that reduces
your credibility if you're going to be
an expert but there are a lot of experts
that also engage in controversy and
that's the second thing that I'll look
for so if you're looking at your post
and you saw that it
um was successful the first thing you
want to think about is reach the second
thing you want to think about is
controversy and now we're going to talk
about a little bit of what we just
covered in the journal for professional
marketing and this article that I I
mentioned and that is emotional
evocation
it doesn't have to sound so cool but I
just think evocation is like an awesome
looks like you're like a wizard just
like sending emotions at people it's
just awesome okay emotional evocation
means what are you making someone feel
with your post ad video whatever
what are you making somebody feel right
so if you look at this study and I again
I encourage everybody to read this and
wants to understand marketing to better
which is all of you right so
um you will find that content generally
speaking that is negative that evokes
emotions like anxiety that emotion uh
things like fear is going to work better
in terms of virality and sharing then it
will uh if it's positive but uh and you
might know that you might not know that
intuitively might have read that
somewhere a lot of that the conclusions
that like you'll read some articles says
negative marketing works better that's
basically from the study this is the
base research what a lot of people don't
get right is that positive emotion also
evokes that kind of stuff and indeed
Marketing in general is fueled by the
emotion that you give people so things
like Amusement Joy excitement are
underutilized especially in this era and
and there's a pendulum there and maybe
one of the most important things I tell
you in this video is in fact if you just
make a brand on feel good you will still
succeed really and and really do well
especially because so many
marketers have now descended into the
the pit of of fear right so if I link
you an article about kovid's potential
neurological effects and and how and how
dangerous they can be and you read it
and you're like well [ __ ] right but that
evokes anxiety and fear in you I've
succeeded in that Viral sense but I
could also succeed by sending you an
article that's like Hey we're on the up
and up people are getting vaccinated
it's great right and and then that Joy
is like like people are getting back or
like maybe let me even go a little bit
more extreme with that I send you like a
feel-good article about somebody that
like overcame it and um is living like a
great life now right like that that
feel-good thing is I think a more
valuable currency right now that well
sorry it's an up and coming currency
okay
um I think it's going to become a more
valuable currency in a world that's
increasingly being negative so let's go
back to the questions I'm going a little
bit of a tangent here we're talking
about what are you making someone feel
with your post ad video or whatever so
what are you making them feel
most unsuccessful content
fails because it doesn't evoke an
emotion in someone and you want to evoke
an emotion in someone no matter what you
do
you don't have to use controversy to
evoke an emotion but you do have to have
an idea
of the psychology of the impression you
want to make to evoke that emotion and I
think the most effective emotions in
order are fear negative emotions first
anxiety
uncertainty
depression
positive emotions Amusement number one
that's why comedians are so successful
Joy uplifting news okay those are that's
like the two like negative positive
things that I would put into emotional
evocation so think about
uh when analyzing a poster when making a
new one
why did this work
and like look at like how you felt
and and how you think that post makes
people feel okay
and in terms of like what makes it a
shareable
and uh the next one is understanding
how easy is it
for me to understand and pick up this
concept
so you can look at like a Creator on
Twitter like vitalik.e.eath
who is the founder of ethereum
he posts incredibly complex ideas about
infrastructure cryptocurrency
and to a certain audience remember we
talked about reach
that's super cool and they engage with
them
but in terms of understanding most
people will not understand that so most
of his stuff will never go viral
to use a more at home example
I tend to get really good engagement on
my posts when I make them compared to
the number of followers that I have
so if I make a post I usually get pretty
good engagement
this is just like the threads but this
is the main thread here right I usually
get very good engagement
why because I follow these Concepts but
within my circle
the understanding is high requires uh
requires a very high IQ to listen to
Devon Nash okay so more seriously right
just requires that you are interested in
the particular topics that I cover but
knowing that like I'm not looking 26 000
likes on a something is great but I'm
not looking for 200 000 like the afflict
image right that that's not who I need
to hit so so for me this is about as
good as it gets in terms of how Niche I
am which is fine like like that's a huge
success to me and I want that if this
changes your viewpoint on virality I
think that virality is a really
misunderstood term in marketing people
think virility means it goes out to the
most people possible but what virality
successful reality really is successful
virality is really that it goes to the
most amount of the right people
so give me a room full of 150 decision
makers at Major Brands that control
budgets of more than five million
dollars a quarter 150 of those people or
give me every single person on Twitch
and I would choose the room of marketers
every time because I have much more
upside of interacting with those people
and convincing them that I'm the person
that they should do business with
in exactly the same way
you have a group and a demographic of
people
that is going to be your Force
multiplier for your business think about
who that is age where they hang out what
they do what Their Expendable income is
where they live not not in terms of
physically but in terms of on the
internet are they on Twitter are they on
Facebook groups where are they once you
identify that now you understand that
successful virality
is not the most people reached
it's the right people reached
once you understand that
how easy is it for those people to
understand the concept that you are
giving to them is it simple
so for example when I made this post
with a hundred thousand Subs Kai Senate
will lose one million seventy one
thousand dollars just from twitch's
subscript changes
super easy to understand even though I'm
you know I provide a this is just the
beginning of the thread I provide a
bunch of graphs and some information on
it later but right there pretty easy to
understand so very easy to understand
controversial creators like Kai are the
most Innovative in the game and deserve
to be fairly rewarded for it a lot of
people don't think Kai is innovative I
think he's just like a react stream or
whatever so there's the controversy
there reach are you discussed but I kept
it in mind for all the people that are
interested in twitch news emotional
evocation I want people to be upset this
is a negatively driven tweet I want
people to be upset at twitch because
they are not giving Kai a fair share of
the split
understanding I think everybody can
understand that that that accesses to
and that's why it's a successful post so
that basically answers octopus's
question bonus round let's see if there
is some other stuff that you can keep in
mind
I this is something I have never ever
heard anybody talk about in terms of
marketing and that is speed
so speed is how fast did this post or
video or whatever pick up
and what do I mean by pick up I mean did
20 000 people like this immediately that
nobody did or six months later when I
was doing a YouTube video did it succeed
and just blow up so let me show you what
I mean
uh let's go to my YouTube channel real
quick and we'll sort by uh most viewed
stuff
so go here
can you even do this anymore they keep
changing this interface
popular
the most successful video on this
channel is a video about how viewbots
work on Twitch
three years ago
for the first eight months of this video
this video had 8 000 views
then it went up 200k in a year and then
it went up 300K in the next year pretty
interesting right so this video is what
I would call Evergreen Evergreen means
this is a topic which stands the test of
time
and will be interesting for years
immediate or short term might be news
media the latest
or just something like really funny that
that hits
but there will be videos that are made
and topics that are posted that will
come back later
and be very powerful
so one of the things you want to look at
when you're making content or when
you're making an ad
is do I think this is something that
meets these needs but also it's going to
take a while to become relevant because
what ended up happening the story behind
this video to finish that thought
is I believe lyric
was viewboted accidentally by Reddit uh
there's like a bunch of posts and ads
that accidentally had lyric in them and
they just like literally viewboted this
stream and he had like 50 000 viewers
for a couple of weeks and so everybody
started searching why that was the case
and happened to find my video years
after I had made it and I'm going to
give you another example on a very old
channel of mine this is probably one of
the funniest examples I have of this
okay so I used to have a channel that
made all kinds of like random videos and
it's a channel called malixia which is
my old Gaming name
probably not even a lot of people even
know now the most popular video on this
channel
you can see that the next most
successful video eight years ago had 12
000 views but this video has a 195 000
views
and it's called beating path of the
Damned on pillars of Eternity best
classes and techniques and I just made a
little guide that is super lame
and it was made years and years ago now
you might have 2K subscribers
that's just about some of the best ways
to beat path of Dan foy's eternity now I
have comments
that were made to three months ago on
this video
because this ended up being an evergreen
video before I really understood much
about marketing this video ended up
being the guide that people went to in
order to figure out how to beat path of
the Damned on tours of Eternity now I
don't even know really how to do that I
I can't even remember if I did but
apparently I think I knew what I was
talking about so I made this video cool
right with like my classic editing
skills
that's a perfect example of an evergreen
video a video that lasts years later and
generates more views that is why I think
that the idea of making an ad or an
impression on somebody is so cool
because you could potentially pick it up
years later and this is another one of
the reasons why I think YouTube is the
most powerful communication platform out
there because YouTube literally can just
make videos successful I like every
video that I add to the Devon Nash
channel is a video that could
potentially be one of those Evergreen
videos and I think I just found one if
you look at like one of my recent videos
why no one watches your content this
video already has 74 000 views there's a
huge number of views compared to the
videos that I'm making about other
things and this video probably works
because that is a Evergreen thing that
is always going to become relevant to
content creators it's also edited better
there's a lot of reasons but uh this
along the topic of this video this video
matches all of these check boxes right
it reaches a lot of people who are
controversial who are content creators
it drives a lot of controversy because
nobody's watching content negative
emotion it evokes any Motion in a lot of
people people because a lot of people
that have 14 subscribers are pissed and
like why don't it doesn't
um anybody get it and anybody watch my
stuff it's easy to understand which is
that um it's just why don't watch your
content and it's um and the speed
appears to be very fast so it remains to
be seen as it was posted a month ago is
this going to be successful going
forward and the topic is Evergreen right
um and so this will become relevant as
YouTube evolves right whereas a topic
like Esports CEO reveals truth behind it
ocelot leaving G2 this video is done
right I don't really expect this video
to do anything later but twitch can't
afford to pay its streamers might do
something later when there's another
invariably more news that twitch can't
afford to pay at streamers kind of
interesting right so you can I I hope
that this paints a picture and
adequately answers noctopus's question
about some of the concepts that you can
use to look at a post and look at a
video or look at an ad you're trying to
make and determine how that ad or that
video
um ought be successful and if this was
helpful leave a comment let me know
thank you everybody and I will see you
again next time bye
