so i'm thinking a lot about the future
of marketing particularly marketing on
platforms like twitch youtube instagram
and how it's relevant to anybody that's
interested in these platforms or that's
creating a business or that's a content
creator i think that in the past we have
always thought of creators and people
that are running businesses as sort of
niche like they do something like you're
a channel that covers finance or you're
a business that sells potatoes or you're
a
content creator that only plays destiny
or halo and i think that's changing and
that's what i want to talk about today
is how that's changing and i want to
start off by telling a story this isn't
the only channel that i've ever run and
i have a youtube channel that is now old
called
malixia it's malixia nowadays it's kind
of crazy that a lot of people don't know
that this was me but i have all these
kind of lame videos on here
that
i made that are about all kinds of
things so
some of them are about building a
business
or created a discord server but some of
them are just about games like like a
hearthstone zoolock guide that got 12k
views seven years ago right
and um i was always really confused
should i be malixia or should i be devin
nash right and i was always trying to do
different kinds of content under
different brand names and it turns out
that i'm not the only person that has
this problem that a lot of people
struggle like should i have a gaming
name or should i have a brand name or if
i'm running a business should i run that
business under this name or my name and
i think i know how to answer that
problem in the context of running a
business or content creation on in the
current meta of platforms so previously
the way that marketing worked was that
you would basically build a subscriber
base right
uh
and this could be in the form of like an
email list or it could be in the form of
subscribers like on twitch
uh or like dedicated people who will pay
you
um or buy your product
and most of what you created
was for them
so like on youtube for example i think
this is the easiest platform to use this
example and i also think that youtube is
the place that like has this the most
figured out on youtube you would market
new videos you created to subscribers so
if you had a subscriber base
of a hundred thousand people
you would want as many people many of
those people
to watch
your new video as possible
but what's changed is that youtube and
google have been thinking a lot and by
thinking i mean spending billions of
dollars trying to solve the problem of
what we would call viewer engagement
right so viewer engagement is
how long do people watch videos and how
much do they click on them and how long
do they stay on our website the longer
that a person stays on the website
the longer that
advertisers have an opportunity to pitch
them the more that youtube can sell ads
and
attention kind of in in the current
economy i always say there's sort of
three economies there's the service
economy that we're kind of in slash
transitioning into
this thought economy or influencer
economy which is attention and then
previously to that there was like
manufacturing or actually products and
goods which we sort of transitioned out
of we still do a lot of at least in
first world countries like the united
states but we're more so in like a
service based slash like
influencer-based economy now and in the
influencer economy the currency is
attention attention is
everything because attention causes
people to buy things it causes people to
change their vote it causes people to
change their mind it causes people to
invest in things time money and energy
which essentially are like the ultimate
like human currencies right um to do
things and
you see this sort of move towards
attention being more and more valuable
and and as people
um it becomes the final issue for like a
lot of brands or companies or or people
right like nowadays it's not just brands
that are monetizing attention it's
individuals it's like people that are
like me who are making money off of this
video or or or because somebody is
paying for it or on patreon where i have
a patreon where i make exclusive stuff
that i i'm still
it's limited attention but that
attention is very dedicated to those
subjects and and is willing to pay for
it right
because they get some benefit out of it
so attention becomes the final issue and
an attention-based economy what's
important is um where people's attention
is right
so
platforms and
marketing philosophy
is reaching a point
where
getting the most attention on things
and that's a user retention right
attention such user retention on their
platform is the final issue so we see
this with twitch we see this with
facebook we see this with instagram that
like we want to keep you on the website
as long as possible and one of the
reasons why twitch can sell really high
cpms to advertisers is because they have
the longest
sort of time to user ratio like that the
average time that a person spends on
twitch is 107 minutes which is crazy
right like the facebook and
instagram don't even have a fifth of
those numbers this is really incredible
that twitch could do that so um
there's a lot of reasons for that right
some of it comes down to
being
just being people are more dedicated
power users or or get invested in a
broadcaster or what they're doing or or
just the show-based content like the
live stream kind of allows that to
happen like they spend a lot more time
there than on vaude but so the reason
i'm bringing all this up is because
what's happened is that youtube figured
this out and they said okay we need to
develop algorithms that um
basically teach our users to stay on the
website longer and the way they did that
was what everyone knows as the
recommended page so when i go here
um you're gonna see a bunch of i don't
know why i have dating and advice from
jocko willing over here i mean i i do
know and that's what i'm gonna get into
but you can see that like everything
here is kind of relevant to my interest
it's music that i've listened to i
listen i see a lot of philip defranco
i'm not subscribed to myself on this
alternate youtube account so devin nash
comes up because i watch my own content
cause i'm a narcissist i watch a lot of
voice critical so what this is is this
is an algorithmic interpretation there's
graham stefan down here right um of what
i like
and this is the account i actually watch
youtube on i use alternate accounts for
like browsing other stuff and and think
because i i'm actually conscious that i
don't want this algorithm to be modified
because i actually like going to youtube
and clicking these things so what's
happened here is
the youtube algorithm has designed a
system
which is way more advanced than any one
person can explain i'm not going to
attempt to do it here
and it's not really relevant to what
we're discussing but what's important to
understand is that
when i click a video
the two ways to get discovered are for
me to click through recommended and for
me to look at this right sidebar here
and see related videos and things i
might also be interested in and you can
see like these aren't necessarily
relevant like this here is planets of
the imperium war fall the fall of acadia
that's awesome right um
i love warhammer 40k deep lore and i
watch a ton of loot no nine it has
nothing to do with whatever voice
critical is talking about unless he's
talking about it's not my fault that
warhammer is awesome he's probably not
talking about that though right it's
probably not the subject of this video
but this is being recommended because
they know that i watch it and i'm likely
to click something that i'm on that and
youtube has gotten very good at this and
more importantly they're the thought
leaders that are leading every other
platform in doing this twitch is trying
to build recommended instagram facebook
and all these other platforms are trying
to build recommended google is ahead of
the game because they have adwords and
because they have a lot of keyword data
that allows people to sort of that
allows them to understand as engineers
how to program something like youtube to
be
really relevant to how people want to
consume
stuff so
you get to the point where youtube is at
this point that we're now where 80 to 90
of a video's viewership if you are a
content creator on youtube 80 to 90
percent
of your total views of a video will be
from
the recommended
or
uh suggested page which is on your top
right there that i just showed you
that's crazy that's a crazy number right
whereas a couple years ago or a few
years ago that number might have been 20
or 30 and it would be much more about
your subscribers but it's not about your
subscribers anymore it's a so so because
it's not about your subscribers what is
happening is that people are able to
make content and businesses are able to
expand in a way that if they still have
expertise in a subject they can do very
well but um they don't need to be as
niche as they once thought and i'm going
to give you three examples of this the
first one is starting with me
i
have a problem where uh i'm known as a
thought leader in the content creation
space i i create a lot of stuff about
twitch and youtube and meta and i'm good
at that but i'm also really good at
talking about how to build businesses
because i've built four
i'm good at talking about finance
because i've made it made a lot of money
and and held on to it which is even
harder and i i'm good about talking
about marketing in fact that's what i'm
really fascinated about is the
psychology of marketing why do we do
what we do and i want to talk more about
that so every time i make a twitch video
or i make like a youtube video i'm i'm
shortchanging myself a bit and my
audience i think because i'm
not providing as much value as i really
want to as a creator on the platform
but i occasionally make a video and i
have a rule called one and five that is
one in five of my videos should be
something different it should be
something i haven't done before and
that's what this video questions
millionaires ask themselves is this is a
video about
questions that i think are power
questions that people can ask themselves
that will take their life to the next
level it has nothing to do with streamer
meta or anything that i create but it
did very well on my channel um because
it did comparable to a lot of videos
because of this algorithm problem that
i'm talking about that's not really a
problem algorithm situation
so in comparison to other videos this
video did quite well because it uh got
into recommended as a finance video and
it did really well i'm going to give you
a couple other examples so let's go back
to lut9009 that warhammer guy i was
talking about let's go look at his
videos so his videos are about all kinds
of cool stuff like weapons of the
warhammer universe or just lore about
all kinds of stuff but you'll see a
really interesting video that he posted
a week ago the rise and fall of human
civilizations could we survive a global
apocalypse this is a really interesting
video right because in the context of
all of his other videos about warhammer
this video is actually a non-fictional
video about
real human civilization just to talk
about it and it's it's presented
completely differently but it performed
very well because it was marketed
correctly the the thumbnail and the
title are great and it's a it's a thing
that got picked up picked up by
recommended despite his channel's
existing user base and his subscribers
it got picked up and did very well
because it's a topic that people are
interested in separate from the stuff
that's going on in his channel and even
his existing subscribers
if you go down into the comic section
and things actually talk about and
appreciate that he did something
different
right um
more of this please i'm super excited to
see new content types and how awesome it
is this certifiably end game right so
people are open to this and then i'm
going to give you a third example before
i tell you why this is happening so
zizeron who is a a very dear friend of
mine and he's also an uh a content
creator around like arpgs and i kind of
see him as like the arpg master sort of
the final authority on that and he does
some diablo ii resurrected does some
kind of like path of exile stuff we'll
take a look at this entire body of
videos that he's done you can see he
uploads an absolutely insane amount
and then we take a look at all the views
on these videos and there's 33k views
here 7k 13 41 so he's kind of all over
the place but let's take a look at this
video that i watched called new world my
first impressions and is it worth paying
plain this video got a hundred thousand
views as of a week ago it outperformed
almost all of his other videos on path
of exile or arpg related content which
is the theme of his channel and what his
subscribers actually go to him for why
is this the case it is because despite
the fact that he hadn't created new
world content before he never played the
game on stream and it's not his brand
whatsoever it got picked up by
recommended because new world is a hot
thing and it's a perfect example of what
i'm talking about that marketing as a
whole is moving away from niche to
recommended all uh all websites and all
platforms and all businesses need to pay
attention to this because this is the
way the world is moving
we're moving into an a a situation where
it it's no longer about like you as an
individual and like your sort of like
area of expertise it's about what value
you can provide
to
the world as a whole
and if you can provide value in another
area where even if your perception from
dedicated users or people that have
visited your business this is not just
relevant to content creators it's
relevant to anybody who's running a
business if you can provide more value
then the
algorithms and platforms that you use to
market yourself and guarded that
attention will pick that up because the
final issue is attention it doesn't
matter if if you're an expert in finance
but you have a background in
wine tasting then you can be successful
at both with the way that the platforms
um leverage that and there's literal
examples of what i said that combination
of thing was not a uh not an accident
that i brought up that's gary vaynerchuk
right a person who is an expert marketer
but he
also has a wine business that's really
successful and he knows that expertise
and he markets both of them separately
because he understands and talks about
both and gets lots of leads from both
because that's the kind of uh that he
understands the platforms and what
they're doing what i'm talking about
so the real lesson here is that people
think that they and businesses think
that they need to stay into a niche or
appeal to a certain audience but i don't
think that's a thing i think what
happens is that people lose their
beginner's mind and they they like for
example
zizeron knows a lot about how to market
to the path of exile crowd he knows that
if he makes a video about sacred orbs
which i'm sure he's done yep he he did
do it uh
so the current talk and path of exile as
the time of this recording is this whole
thing about sacred orbs sacred orbs are
like this new uh item in the game path
of exile that are causing a lot of
controversy zizeron knows that if he
made a video fast he could immediately
get more uptick on this and look at the
difference in views right just 11 hours
ago he's already picking it up so he
knows how to market to the path of exile
audience but if he made a finance video
he may not know how to market that it's
it turns out that he did know how to
market new world so when he made a new
world video he actually produced
incredible results and just on that
luton video that we saw about the the
rise and fall civilizations that i
talked about earlier
that video did well because he
understood how to market that so i would
i would i would say that if you're
running a business or you're kind of
interested in the subject as a content
creator or just a viewer it may not be
the situation that you
are just like a lot of people i think
they make a video like that's different
from what they would normally do or they
start they have a new business vertical
that's different from what they would
normally do and they fail they think
that's because they
have
a dedicated subscriber base that like
doesn't care about what they're doing
but what it really is is that you just
never trained yourself to actually
market that from that vertical it's a
completely different thing to make to
talk about finance than it is to talk
about warhammer 40k deep lore right and
if you want to make that transition you
have to know the ins and outs that uh
involve a finance channel like graham
stefan and what works there right
because that's a person you could go to
and you could you could find out hey
exactly i never know how to
type his name but he always comes up
if i misspell it
this is a person that knows how to
market to finance people incredibly well
but i get him to do a warhammer 40k
video i doubt he'll do as well because
he doesn't know how to market in that
area or maybe he does because he's he's
kind of generally understands youtube as
a whole but this is also the concept as
to why you see
a ton of creators that produce
um
content on one channel they start
another channel and that channel like
immediately sees a lot of people think
it's because the subscriber base goes
over and sure for people like markiplier
who started a new channel or something
or some huge youtuber with millions of
subscribers that's relevant right like
they they definitely pick up subscribers
from their other existing user base but
less than you might think right and
more so it's it's the issue of
people getting into recommended
suggested and so i think
why i made this talk is because i want
everybody to start i think people that
are here are interested in interesting
marketing concepts
and uh that's my favorite thing to talk
about too so i think that where we're
moving
as a
uh as a sort of like
marketing as sort of the sort of like
consciousness around marketing and like
what everyone's thinking about in like
business and attention and consecration
and viewership we're moving to more of
this like recommended suggested thing
every platform like linkedin's already
doing this like i said twitch is already
doing this
is moving in this direction and what
will and what will happen
is that ultimately
what you create or what your the value
you provide of your business will be
distilled down and like what matters is
the content the thumbnail the um the
business and its quality the the actual
product or service that you're selling
that is what drives the engagement as
like the algorithms get more and more
advanced and
detect
what a user wants and drive that user
directly to what they want
cool so that's my talk on marketing and
where i think it's going and i hope that
like everybody can benefit from this
also there's i think there's a lot of
you who have nothing to do with content
creation but are just interested in
marketing and business so i created this
video for you and if you enjoy it please
leave a comment in the section below or
consider going to my discord discord.gd
devon where we talk about a lot of these
subjects or if you really want um i
create a ton of videos like this on
patreon
patreon.comnash and if you want to
support even five bucks there you get
like 30 plus videos that i make every
week
that are just completely unique and
about these kind of subjects so thanks
for being here and i really appreciate
it and see you again soon bye
