hello it's Devin Nash with a question
from our Mastermind at patreon from
pursue hey Devin of a question about
recent Mastermind in the on off strategy
for work that's a strategy I'll review
just in a sec one of the most important
strategies I think I've ever found for
working what about switching to off how
do you prioritize and time manage a
bunch of stuff like socializing Hobbies
learning self products Etc and how does
exercise fitted so we'll talk about how
to kind of create a rounded life if you
want to be within the top one percent of
what you do and also if you don't
starting with a review of the on off
principle which really is just simply
right if you are working
you are in an on State
okay it wasn't on state which means
absolutely no distractions
and totally focused on solving the
number one problem in front of you that
you've identified
and that's it that's what on is and an
auth is likely just completely off
you're not working you're not thinking
about where you're doing something else
why is this important because we usually
sit in a sort of like wishy-washy state
with like three monitors a bunch of tabs
open music going it's okay if you have
music going some people are good with
music some people aren't a YouTube video
and people wonder why they're not really
effective
um and I actually argue that in this day
and age with like Ai and automation you
can build millions of dollars of
business in just four to six hours a day
of real true on work the difference is
that most people are working like 10 12
hours a day like we are in this hustle
grind culture uh especially in
entrepreneurship where the idea is that
you're supposed to be working on your
business working on things as much as
possible and always always like growing
and learning Etc
um instead of taking time off and doing
things that you might want to do or that
might provide you more enjoyment and
thus this like onstate is encouraged all
the time but nobody's actually working
like they're all just like messing
around so we're going to talk about some
of the like balance the instructions
like how to kind of get uh all this
together so that's the on off State so
the question here is you switch to off
like okay well then what like how does
your your life actually like pan out and
work and I'll discuss what I do
um and I want to start with this
really depends on what level you want to
get to in certain things so so I I think
you can probably truly Master two to
three things at a time in your life and
I consider finances and like building a
successful business as like one of those
things so for me the two that I am
really trying to maximize are my
business and my personal fitness and
health those are the two I'm really
trying to and everything else has to get
managed if you draw like a pie chart
you're just managing everything and
everything's just a balance of those two
things so let's go like one by one the
first thing is um
just because you're in an off State
and you just like you shut off you say
okay I'm not going to be working on my
business or I'm not going to be working
on this specific thing I'll be doing
something else doesn't mean you don't
have to be scheduled and I think that if
you truly want again if you truly want
to reach Mastery this for people that
really want to reach Mastery in their
life you don't have to do this if you
don't want to do that and it's fine if
you don't want to do that but if you
really want to be the top one percent of
something or like top zero zero one
percent or something which is like if
you look at the top one percent of
people that are earning in America like
the richest country on Earth for now uh
they're making forty thousand dollars a
year so you want to be at one percent
that means like one in every 100 people
you meet right or you want to be like
one percent in like lifting weights for
example so or Fitness where 99 People
You Meet are not going to be at that
caliber you have to make sacrifices that
those 99 people are not willing to make
that's the only way to get there right
those you have to do something those 99
people aren't doing so I think the first
thing that most people don't do is they
don't like really think about and
schedule things so I'm gonna copy and
paste my calendar
uh just like an example day from like a
template in my calendar so just to kind
of like show you what I mean so
this portion of the day will go it's
from
one two
from 12 a.m to like 12 to 8 like I'm
obviously like I'm sleeping and then
when I wake up once I get to work I'm
doing the most critical task I possibly
can that the hardest thing I can
possibly do and then I'll work all the
way through until
[Music]
usually
um 6 p.m or so
like I'll work like really really hard
from nine to six and again like people
will be like oh like you're not working
12 hours a day what the hell yeah I
still run a multi-million dollar
business want to know how because I'm
actually working like I'm actually
really focusing that time right so then
I'll I'll do like my hot yoga usually or
training of some kind dinner
um this is the time they'll spend with
my family at the end of the day and then
I'll cool down and like go to bed cool
okay so I still regiment my time and I
want to address like each one of these
questions kind of separately
what I I think for what I need to do and
who I need to be I have to schedule this
time
um but I want to address like each one
of these things because I think a lot of
people especially younger people will
have like questions about like how to uh
do each of these things so we'll start
with socializing uh at my actual advice
now again
um keep in mind this is for people that
are looking for the top one percent
depending on like what your goals are or
whatnot you can sort of tailor this to
where you want to be
um and you don't have to do these things
if like you don't but you know what top
50 or top 75 whatever
um don't right right like I I just I
just don't think that anybody that is
like going out drinking or like going to
bars or like hitting up the parties I
just don't think those people are in the
top one percent very very rarely there's
a lot of there's a there's a problem
here because in the business culture
there's like a lot of these like you
know suit and tie people uh that are
attending every convention and they look
like really successful uh but but in
reality they're like employed by someone
or or like they're which is fine but
like they're not actually like
financially or like career driven on
their way to like really becoming a top
owner so there are some exceptions to
this and a few people that do hit this
that scene that are that are quite good
but for the most part these are kind of
posers uh really the people that are
succeeding are are not really socialized
in a high level the difference here is
like their version of socializing is
um the like the equivalent of like
masterminds small masterminds and
spending time with other people
reviewing uh their
success points so they like if you're a
YouTuber for example hanging out with
five other YouTubers and discussing what
works and what doesn't would be they're
socializing and you're gonna see this
consistently across all of these
categories that I cover that generally
people who are really successful are
going to be shaping these categories
into sort of quote productive things
that they also enjoy so you'll see this
actually most apparently in Hobbies like
so for me for hobbies
I usually coincide these with um
training right so for me a hobby is Yoga
right hobby is weightlifting a hobby is
um running Hobbies Jiu Jitsu lots of my
hobbies you'll notice actually all my
hobbies basically are uh except video
games which is just one that I'll like
have recreationally uh all of these are
are also exercise so they also like fit
in with like growth and and all the
other like good stuff but but also keep
in mind that I also want to be a top one
percent of Fitness so that's also why I
have to have all my hobbies in this way
so you can like section out some of
these Hobbies if you don't want to do
that right
um learning I think kind of happens like
two ways first of all there's a thing
called net time this is something that
like changed my life with learning which
is if you're walking to work or you're
driving or you're spending some time on
the bus or you're in transit somewhere
um most people can benefit by like
listening to a podcast it's like
educational just getting into the frame
of like listening to something or
listening to an audiobook or something
so net time is really good I also think
you should have a scheduled dedicated
time
so for me uh this is 30 minutes a day
where you are actively listening and
taking notes
plus like reading something that's like
high value so like a course or like a
really high like high quality like like
best seller book or something
we're really trying to learn the
material and you're not just on net time
just kind of like kind of listening to
it so if I get like if I'm listening to
my podcast let's listen to podcasts
whenever that I think can like help me
with my growth but if I find like a book
or a resource that I know will just like
catapult me because it's just that's how
high quality it is I will put that in a
dedicated time slot and that's learning
and I I also want to say
um
well okay we'll actually cover that in a
little bit later self-reflection and
spiritual growth um I mean for me this
is just meditation and I just schedule
it I I schedule it after every exercise
thing for like 15 minutes a day and
experts I don't need to worry about
because
um I already do it within my hobbies so
I will say something about
um transitionary time this is something
that like nobody really uh
I can't spell it if I try okay okay I
did it all right transitioning time is
um two things that I notice when I'm
reviewing a lot of people's schedules
and like people that like are not where
they want to be they usually have two
really big problems the first one is
that at least two hours of their time is
lost in like random pauses and uh and so
things like um checking phone when
getting up or going to bed
um like just like sitting like really
like nobody ever talks about this stuff
right but like
um and then like the time in between
activities
um so for example like
this is a really like weird subjective
thing that might be why people don't
like really talk about it a lot but
let's say that like you you cook dinner
for yourself you go eat and then between
you eat like eating and then washing
dishes there's like a 30 minute pause
just because like you're sitting
watching an extra episode on TV or
you're just kind of chilling out or like
whatever just like time is going by
that time in between activities adds up
and for most people it's hours and hours
and hours a day so there's stats on this
right so we know that like the average
person uses their phone for like six to
seven hours a day it's like a crazy
amount of time right but even if it's
two hours that's eight percent of the 24
hour day and you're already losing a
bunch of sleep so a lot of people where
they where they catch themselves is if
they wake up like okay I'll check social
media for a while even 30 minutes of
that both ends is four percent of your
day right so if you're if you're uh and
like most people are much worse about it
okay so so don't do that like just get
up and go right just get up and start
your thing don't look at all those
little pauses throughout your day and
you will actually claim a ton of time
back because most people have a ton of
time like transitioning between
activities you come to work you sit down
and now you're like journaling or
reading or catching up whatever you like
you're doing right like just be really
really aware of the time that you're
taking to do those things and and that
transitionary time in between those two
things and then just cut that out like
like you don't need it it's that's
especially It's usually the stuff you're
doing that you also feel the worst about
too it's usually the stuff that's like
oh that's like the social media time
that I I really shouldn't be spending
doing those things so so you just don't
do those things
and
um you have to if you if you want to
operate on like at a pretty high level
you have to really start sacrificing
uh on on so many different levels like
it's hard to describe how much you kind
of have to like quotations like give up
in order to like really Master even one
thing like if you look at like and
that's the thing too is like true
Masters like they don't have time for
like two things like I can do Fitness
and I can do business and I and like
everything else suffers like but my
relationship suffers a lot my family
life suffers a lot my social life my
social life is non-existent I don't talk
to anybody
um and all of my hobbies are just around
Fitness so that I can fit in that time
so so like there's no like these people
that this is another thing that like
people need to learn it's like the
people that are trying to be I come
across like people like this all the
time they're like you're trying to do
like three or four things like You're
Screwed like there's no way you can do
it there's there's just not enough time
to really really be good it's something
to be exceptional something to do like
three four or five things right the the
top entrepreneurs in the world
um that are like billionaires have no
life whatsoever besides their business
all they do they have no family life
they like record numbers are divorce
like they can't the the you can't do it
right so I I think where you have to end
up is like somewhere in here where and
that's why I think on and off states are
so important
because
if I didn't have that on off where I
just switched off and I and I I truly
stopped working so I could focus on
these other activities I I wouldn't I
would have no life I'd just like work
all the time and be like super miserable
but I wouldn't really be working I would
be in this sort of like zombie State
because I'm convinced that I've never
seen a human that can like truly work
and solve a problem for like longer than
like I'm being so generous when I say
seven to eight hours a day I I don't
believe you could show me someone that
does it for six there are people like
there's all kinds of different types of
work
so people can work I mean 12 hours 14
hours a day on a factory line people can
work cleaning people can work in
construction there's a lot of like
really tough jobs that require very high
hours you can also work in like a
management position hustling around to
meetings you could work like 12 14 hours
a day that's fine right but I'm saying
to do the real cerebral work that is
going to move your life forward your
career forward to do the real work
that's like putting a project out into
the creation right we talked about
creation versus consumption a lot of
people think they're like busy because
they go to a lot of meetings they answer
a lot of phone calls and like very
rarely this is like actually translate
into like something in the world like a
deal or like something that exists
versus actually like sitting cerebrally
and creating a new thing like this is a
new project that people can can do this
is a new video that people can consume
that you cannot do that like I don't
know a single person doing that for like
six seven hours a day
um even like the best YouTubers and
content creators in the world that I
know work like two or three or four
hours a day on the actual like filming
the actual like creation of it and then
everything else is like meetings like
planet and like moving people around and
stuff like that so
you you should like get in your mind
it's like okay I'm I'm really gonna try
to like and if you're starting from like
zero like I was you don't you don't
start with like oh I'm gonna like have
this eight hour day scheduled right like
like I showed you on my calendar like
I'm gonna have four hours like from 12
to 4 P.M for example a time I know I
can't be interrupted or from six to
eight like whatever you can do right I
am just going to work on this and then
I'm gonna my off State like I might
spend some time really thinking about
what that problem I need to solve is
right because a lot of people are just
like oh well so you're saying that if
I'm a live streamer
for Content Christian for example then
all I need to do is just work from like
12 to 4 but I'll do my live stream as
best I can possible nope because that's
like a huge waste of time you're not
thinking about the number one problem
you actually need to do which is get
attention on you get viewers get get
brand for that you need to be actually
creating like really high quality stuff
that's in video format you have to
create really high quality of stuff and
this is really hard right no one wants
to do that like really cerebral work so
so that you need to dedicate that
specific time to and then you're off
right and you can do your other things
and and from there it just kind of
becomes a weighing game of like how much
you really want to succeed at these
things and then cutting out all the
things that you don't really need right
so so for for me
um I've cut a lot of things that I would
love to do in my life like there's
companies I'd love to advise for there's
video games I'd love to play there's
like there's all kinds of stuff but to
do this at this stage of my life this is
what I have to do so so I I think that
should kind of help prioritize your your
time management that just because you're
in kind of like an off State like not
thinking about things doesn't mean like
you don't have to like discipline and
like schedule and other things but I
certainly have like I'd say a pretty
good amount of time where
um I absolutely do just absolutely
nothing like generally play video games
or things like that
um that's usually like a few hours at
night which still like generally ends up
like comprising like 20 of my day or
something
um also I also believe in like working
in Sten so like if you are going to work
like four hours I think you should work
like two with like a 20 or 30 or even an
hour break and then work another two
again like um a lot of people will will
hear this and be like this is so much
less work than I thought you do or that
a really successful people do but I
cannot stress enough that so many people
are just hopelessly distracted like it
is a epidemic it is it is a disease
truly it is a disease the distraction is
a total disease and people are just not
effective they're just is not working at
the effectiveness that they can work at
um and you get other these hustle
culture people that are like well what
if I work hard and smart and then you
turn out turns out you can't do that you
you work that hard and you're really
working
um you'll fry out in the same way it's
like just think about it right like
think about it in the same way as like
physical activity where it's like okay
maybe like someone coming in and being
like Oh you deadlift for like five sets
for like eight reps well I'm gonna dead
lift 20 sets for 15 reps and it's like
dude you'll die right like you just
don't have the same you you don't you
just don't have the um the capacity like
you will fry right at in exactly the
same way that like people that try to
think that they can do that mentally
just end up kidding themselves they end
up putting themselves in this place
where they all it's a delusion really
where they always feel like they're
being productive but they're never
actually doing anything measurable and
and then you you find that they don't
they purposely don't measure things so
that they can avoid thinking about that
and then like you know when somebody
pulls them up and it's like hey you're
actually not being productive right um
they're like right
you don't see it in their revenue per
year they don't see it in like the
products they're creating and they're
following and things like that right it
doesn't show up so yeah so so that's my
kind of like thing about like working in
time management stuff like that
hopefully that helps
um I think that's all I have to say
about this for now uh see you guys for
the next video thanks everybody bye
