hello welcome to state of the platform
quarter 4 2022. this is a show where we
talk about what is going on with all the
social media platforms where the
attention is where we're paying
attention as marketers where there are
some problems and this is kind of a good
show for an overview of basically
everything that is happening in the
social media marketing world that I
create every quarter on patreon so here
we go we're going to start with the most
exciting one that's uh Twitter
I'm just going to go through them one by
one and give everybody a sort of whole
picture of what's going on at least as
far as we understand it where ad dollars
are going that sort of thing okay so
Twitter is changing every minute and
probably by the time that you watch this
video there will be new news and that
speaks to the state of the platform
right now which is that it is the most
interesting platform because it is
definitely where attention is now as a
marketer you want to divorce yourself
from any of the like emotional stuff
that you might
um be tempted to buy into with something
like Twitter where like you're looking
at the political stuff or where Elon is
going left or right or where everybody
is talking like you want to focus
exclusively about the attention and what
attention there is and the attention is
on Twitter 100
um they are experiencing record numbers
of users record numbers of media
attention record numbers of Impressions
and it is a great time to be a content
creator there because you can post you
can you can sign up for Twitter blue
which everybody should do and Twitter
blue will boost your posts in an
ecosystem right now where the algorithm
is being tweaked quite a bit so it
actually is going to allow people that
were never able to become viral before
be able to be viral and I'm really
excited about that I I think that as a
marketer you want to have some kind of
presence on Twitter right now
um but it definitely shouldn't be a
primary platform because there is just
such an incredibly high risk that's
attached to the platform the platform
right now really is going to have a hard
time paying its debt and you can go look
at my public YouTube videos for data on
why that's happening but I think one
thing to keep in mind with Twitter is
that content creation
is the only Direction
to profitability
so the only way that Twitter is going to
work if it works and that's a huge if
they start creating things that make it
attractive for Content creators to go
there create unique content and run ads
and for that reason I think we're going
to see a large increase in both video
content short form content and
um
post themselves and the ads that are run
against those okay so I I think that as
a content creator building a presence on
Twitter thinking about it and thinking
about uh in terms of like threads which
are really very popular or controversial
takes okay or just viral memes any of
these kind of growth strategies are
really effective on Twitter right now
um when I say threads I mean like really
long form threads about different topics
lots of people in this community are
having success with that that's the
primary vehicle I see people have
success with
um controversial takes they're really
easy to farm on Twitter right now like
engagement is really easy to farm so I'm
paying attention to Twitter right now
pretty closely uh I guess I'll make a
separate talk about where I think it's
going and and what's happening but
suffice to say that I think this is one
of the most interesting platforms to be
on and just as a marketer like as a
person who really loves the economy of
attention I'm just I love the platform
because it's just like so fascinating
how Elon taking it over is able to like
seamlessly engage so many people in this
like continuous outrage cycle he's
really so good at it and it's it's
amazing to see so I think that that I
just want to be there by virtue of that
because it's just kind of where history
is unfolding but when you when you see
something like that
it's so interesting because a lot of
content creators they get really
emotional and they are like well I'm
gonna go to Mastodon or I'm gonna go
here it's like great like you're you're
you're killing your attention
deliberately for some ideology that
nobody cares about and as marketers the
only ideology you should really care
about is attention so the attention is
there for now and the real danger is if
you build a platform and you use it as a
significant funnel there I think that
it's very uh it's very likely that that
platform just falls out from under you
either because Twitter just collapses or
Elon is unable to find a successor CEO
or whatever the hell happens I mean it's
just so risky okay and we're gonna go
through the more like stable platforms
right now but let's keep going
um I'll give you the next one that you
probably don't think is going to be
really controversial but it actually is
and that's Facebook so Facebook or Meta
Meta right now
dropped 11 000 employees they are
bleeding cash and they're having a lot
of trouble as a business furthermore
um there have been a lot of reports from
content creators so my close friend I
was talking to the other week he he
mentioned that that Facebook had some
questionable monetization for creators
in that they were Under reporting
Creator earnings they might tell you
you're gonna make like four thousand
dollars a month and then you end up like
making like two thousand dollars and
then also like pages are getting banned
and just some random stuff's going on so
I decided to look into that and I found
out I mean I was really surprised by how
much of it was substantiated I talked to
a bunch of Facebook creators other
Facebook creators I invited to DM me and
I have found almost universally the same
reports that monetization uh is super
questionable and up in the air uh people
don't know how much they're making
people don't know like what like how
Facebook is pricing this stuff pages are
subject to random uh
toss enforcement and streams and video
uh get demonetized or taken down
uh for seemingly no reason
and there doesn't seem to be good
recourse for this or recourse resources
meaning that you you don't seem to be
able to like reach out to people at
Facebook or have like partner managers
all but the largest creators
um are are basically gated out of any
kind of like talking to real humans and
such and even some of the really big
Critters that I would expect to have
those kind of PMS those PMS just don't
like really fix the problem so I'd say
that Facebook is a um is a really tough
like really uncertain place that's like
why I'm kind of putting it next to
Twitter as like a really high risk
platform to build a business on
um now that said there there are uh some
benefits to it and I actually think it's
the best place to grow right now
and that might seem like really
surprising even over YouTube but I'm
gonna explain kind of like what I think
about why that's true
um the first thing that is really strong
about this platform unlike all other
platforms is that you can pay for
advertising right now uh and grow so if
you start a Facebook page you could put
a couple thousand dollars into finding a
like audience of people so let's say you
start a chat like
um let's say you start a Facebook page
about cameras and just like the best
cameras
you could
do a like audience advertising of like
one thousand to two thousand dollars or
maybe three thousand however much you
want to spend gather a group of
followers of legitimate followers like
legitimate people who are using Facebook
and buying and interested in cameras
that direct demographic get them
following your page post content and
then run ads against that page and make
more money than you did spend in ads
likewise you could do this for your
streams you could do this for your
videos you can't really do this anywhere
else you can't pay for attention on
other platforms effectively there are
options to do it like on YouTube you can
pay for attention but that attention
doesn't get you organic search organic
homepage recommendations but on Facebook
you you paying for that audience sticks
that audience to you and then you can
monetize if you're smart I have seen now
several people build Pages where they
build a Facebook page and now they
um
they literally just have a page that
they're monetizing via ads now that said
some of those pages have been taken down
randomly or get demonetized or certain
videos get demonetized there's nothing
they can do and they have to actually
recreate those pages the good friend
that I mentioned earlier uh had had a
had a large page get shut down he had to
recreate with no recourse from uh
Facebook and I've also heard this uh
from a couple people on Twitter who I
was uh asking questions about to try to
find out this stuff as well to confirm
that stuff so Facebook interestingly
enough is like a really good place to
grow the discovery is very high there's
very little content creation going on
there uh comparatively to other
platforms so the ratio of people that
are creating content to the people that
are
um actually posting content there is
really good and I think that Facebook is
like a really reliable place to be but
it's not a primary platform because it's
just too risky that said also I think
the problems with meta are
affecting Facebook and Instagram and I I
think we'll continue to and that the
just attention economy is moving away
from Facebook and Instagram and they
were really hurt by Tick Tock a lot uh
most of the users that were kind of like
the younger audience that was engaging
especially on Instagram and places like
Instagram reels which we'll talk about
in a minute might just be a good
transition into Instagram
um
I think we're really hurt by tick tock
and I think that's reflecting in both
the user engagement I think it's and the
revenue
um and just the stuff that's relevant to
us as marketers that that like attention
now that said like keep in mind that
this whole thing is like a macroscopic
thing so like could you build a apparel
brand on Instagram and kill it and make
500 000 a year you definitely could
right but these overall user engagement
metrics and overall
um ideas are sort of a snapshot of the
health of the platform and should help
inform you to make decisions based on
where you build your business so
Instagram I think is hurt by Tick Tock a
great deal
um I think we've seen a lot of declining
views here
um and especially in reels which are
down
um let's see
uh reels are down 14 percent
over the last quarter and have very
little uh engagement
um but is still very good for apparel
and Brands and uh product based
businesses
so this is stuff like
you know your Esports teams are like um
any kind of like product based
businesses that like sell like clothes
or like items or something
Etsy stuff all visual stuff really good
I would say that for female audiences
Pinterest is better and still has really
incredible engagement in the like 25 to
45 year old woman crowd and uh if you're
if your product is
um if your product is even like 30 to 40
percent female buyers you should like
100 have Pinterest I actually didn't
even take a note to write Pinterest here
but I'll just like put that in between
Facebook and Instagram Pinterest is one
of those stable platforms like LinkedIn
that we don't talk about that often
because it's just doing like really well
um and and Linkedin by the way too since
that's not on this list LinkedIn kind of
should be I think LinkedIn is going to
be a very big heaven for uh for for
professional content creators who are
either forced out of Twitter or they're
turned off by it and I I because I just
see that like professional experts
should have some kind of presence on
LinkedIn people that are selling to
women should have a presence on
Pinterest and that's enough to save it I
would not build a brand on Instagram
right now I definitely wouldn't have a
primary platform there and I'd be really
hesitant to build something on meta as a
primary but it's great for secondary uh
ideas same with Instagram if you have
time I think it's good uh let's talk
about tick tock
so Tick Tock is absolutely killing it
um there we've so what's happening right
now is so the user base is uh let's see
so their their revenue is 4.6 bill in
2021 and This 1.2 month uh monthly
active users in Q4 with very high watch
time
um so watch time right now
and engagement is going up which means
that people are watching longer on Tick
Tock and they're engaging more
for that reason we've seen a change in
Tick Tock that will be really relevant
to anybody listening which is that the
um ability to sell products is getting
better on Tick Tock I I've encountered
several brands that are building their
audiences on Tick Tock and successfully
converted now when I say better I mean
that like we've moved from like 0.1 to
like maybe 0.3 percent like of an actual
conversion but that is significant
considering the amount of followers that
you can gain on Tick Tock very easily
I don't really rate followers on Tick
Tock as meaningful so like if you come
to me and you have like I've got a two
million follower Tick Tock account that
doesn't like turn my head to like return
an email and be like damn we want you to
work with the agency right away like I'm
not really excited about that because I
I don't think that
um follower account really matters that
much but I do think that good short form
calls to action so good short form calls
to action
to direct products
um if you can create
content
about it
that's relevant this does work I've now
seen this work with three large Tick
Tock Brands
um and I just I think that Tick Tock is
just like a good place uh for that kind
of thing now I also for like direct to
product businesses I don't think now
that said that we talked to content
creators for a second I don't think that
Tick Tock is great for Content creation
if your objective is to funnel people
over to other platforms so content
creators have two objectives right like
make a lot of money on one primary
platform or direct people
um top a funnel to another place and
tick tock's bad for both you can't
really make a lot of money on it and I
don't think this is going to improve
Tick Tock has a Creator fund that
they've kind of funded as sort of an
initial Splash into like creative
Creator stuff but that's going to dry up
and I don't think they're going to renew
it and I and I also don't think that
like the cpms and the amount of money
you can make off advertising is figured
out on Tick Tock well enough that it's
going to be meaningful revenue for
anybody that builds a business there for
Content creation I think you have to
direct a product or it doesn't matter
and I I also think think that with Tick
Tock the attention so the people that
are engaging more still don't seem to be
going over to places like twitch or
YouTube so it's like hey this is my Tick
Tock go check out my more like the
classic one I'm seeing a lot now is this
is my Tick Tock go watch my longer form
stuff on YouTube this doesn't seem to be
working that well for most people this
doesn't seem to be working there are a
couple people that are exceptions to
this but they're creating really high
tier content that people would watch
anyway so it's hard to say if it's like
actually succeeding because they're
driving their Tick Tock users over which
their following is larger or because
their YouTube channel is just good and
and in my mind it's mainly just because
our YouTube channel is good so I'm not a
really big fan of like build putting a
lot of time into Tick Tock with the
objective of making it a top of funnel
platform I think that right now Twitter
and YouTube are like way better for that
um and I just think that Tick Tock is
less interesting and less relevant to
that now I do say that I think the
audience is expanding we've seen the age
metrics for tick tock over the class
quarter go push quite way up meaning
that you know there's way more 25 year
olds way more 32 year olds way more 35
year olds on the platform than there was
before both male and female are engaging
with the platform in in a longer way
those uh higher age audiences also tend
to engage more they like that meeting
like they spend more time on the
platform and they also have more
disposable income so that's indicative
that probably by this time in the
quarter one report for 2023 I will tell
you that Tick Tock is probably a pretty
good place to build a business because
these are kind of early indicators that
are shaping up to make the platform look
very attractive to product based
businesses and and less so for like
content creator based businesses unless
Tick Tock actually gains traction on its
long form
which it has yet to do but uh yeah and
also for live streaming I still think
that Tick Tock is like an incredible
opportunity I think that we're probably
four to six months out from that going
away but right now that you can just
like start a tick tock stream have 1 000
viewers doing whatever thing that's kind
of remotely interesting and monetize it
just keep in mind that like those users
are your users like they are on Twitch
is a very different dynamic okay uh
let's talk about twitch because that's
uh
that's next twitch uh twitch sucks it's
just horrible Jesus Christ is the worst
platform here out of all of them uh in
November of 2022 they suffered their
largest viewership decline ever uh it
was a total of a 10 drop
um 1.7 billion watched hours I talked
about why this is happening in a YouTube
video it's the short of it is that it
the audience is just stalled they can't
get a new audience and their total
addressable Market is pretty much uh
filled up so there's declining
viewership but despite that like
everybody still thinks it's the number
one place to stream so the streamer to
viewer ratio is awful
um there is no Discovery whatsoever the
recommend the recommendations we looked
into all those systems the
recommendation system and all that stuff
it just doesn't help smaller streamers
it does seem to be helping mid-sized
Critters so people that are like from
like one to five thousand viewers are
doing a little bit better but like
little bit is like really General
um there's just no Discovery
um they also are having severe
monetization problems you can check tech
wrench and everything like there's
they're cutting revenue for streamers
they're they're trying to lower cpms for
ads like it's just like a mess over here
the leadership doesn't know what it's
doing
um Revenue Cuts like pretty much no
reason to be here there is just no
reason to be here anyone streaming on
Twitch is wasting their time straight up
um they're every other platform is is
better
the only excuse I would accept is you're
multi-streaming and you want to see if
like twitch is going to do something as
well and like the like I just want to
remind everybody that twitch is taking
the highest splits right now as well so
like out of all these platforms that I'm
talking about which is by far taking 50
of the revenue or more of most creators
it's just completely ridiculous to be
there I I've like beat that dead horse
now for a year and a half and I just
have no sympathy for Content creators
that continue to try to build their
business on Twitch you're just doomed to
fail
um even the larger broadcasters are
doomed to fail they just don't realize
it yet so twitch is like a hard pass for
me I don't see it getting better I see
Amazon depreciating twitch Prime either
in 2023 or 2024 especially if the
recession keeps getting worse they're
just not going to burn 30 to 50 million
a month on that and um going forward I
just think that uh
yeah twitch is just not a great platform
YouTube
um YouTube is the king
Undisputed absolutely the best place to
build a brand or best business place to
build a brand
or business
end of story there is no buddy even
close to YouTube in terms of attention
um I understood you spooted that's how
Undisputed it is we had to invent a word
to show you how Undisputed this is okay
shorts are doing amazing YouTube shorts
have just uh blown up 30 billion views
per day is absolutely insane like shorts
are blowing up
and not only are they blowing up but
it's literally the only place you can um
the YouTube is also blowing up because
if you go to your YouTube channel
they have now implemented a feature that
no other platform has
which is
you can go to uh your tabs oh it doesn't
display here because I don't have any
but if I had shorts or whatever you
could go here and you can click shorts
you could change your playlist you can
go to all these different places
um let's uh check like a Creator like
Ludwig and you'll see like here shorts
live streams so everything is separated
there's also Community posts which are
like which do still have great
engagement it is really incredible what
YouTube is doing YouTube has
successfully built a platform where
everything lives
um you can make posts there and get
engagement you can make short form
content there again engagement backed
off the cpms of YouTube unlike tick
tocks you can actually get paid
something for it not much but you can
pay somebody for it your RPM is going to
be something like a dollar to two
dollars for shorts but still okay great
million two million views amazing
um might be less because I've seen
something like 30 60 cents or whatever
but that's like around the realm you're
going to be at
um long form content still the best
engagement watch time average duration
also the easiest to figure out it's very
clear what works on YouTube you got to
get very good at storytelling get very
good at getting people to watch longer
just focus on watch time focus on view
duration super super straightforward
also teaches you to build content for
all these other platforms Undisputed
king of live streaming as well still
nobody seems to realize that live
streaming is so easy on on YouTube that
tons of people can pick it up and it
actually has a system of Discovery
through YouTube search nobody seems to
understand that um like how YouTube
serves streams they think there's no
Discovery for streams because there's no
directory this is the dumbest thing ever
like you know if I go to a directory on
Twitch they think that um like this for
example is like I'm On the Path of Exile
like that this is Discovery but this is
not Discovery nobody uses this right
they just go to their photos think about
how you use twitch if you're watching
this video you click on your followed
streams and maybe occasionally like you
type somebody to search to try to go
find something but you're not like
you're not like going through here and
scrolling through here to try to like
find this like 12 viewer person and
who's like running in some kind of Path
of Exile stream that just doesn't happen
so everyone thinks that the directory
system is the Discovery system for
twitch but it's not YouTube doesn't have
a directory system deliberately because
they're driving people towards streams
via search and it works very effectively
if you have a stream that you've
properly titled that you've properly
seo'd and you have a decent thumbnail
for on YouTube that stream is going to
get discovered and that is the only
place that is true besides Facebook live
where there are less people but except
that YouTube is way more endemic to live
streaming because people are kind of
like familiar with VOD and they want to
consume that kind of con content already
and so they're already going to be there
whereas on Facebook who the hell knows
why they're there I mean like it's maybe
some Grandma uh talking about like her
dog or something like it's like Facebook
has like a really random audience but
YouTube is like centered on that Focus
for Content so YouTube is like
um the king it's so good like if you
don't have if you don't have a presence
on YouTube I don't know what to tell you
every single brand at every single
business everywhere should have a
YouTube channel it is not even close
they will be the Undisputed Kings and I
I I expect nothing to be different in
the next two three four five years
they're one of the only social media
platforms that's posting a profit they
are doing so really well um they're
owned by Google and backed by Google
search engine which is still number one
in the world
um and I don't see a threat coming to
that anytime soon it's amazing YouTube
is just absolutely crushing it
um let's talk about patreon and a quick
note
bonus
on other platforms
we've recently seen Gum Road increase
its fees
and I just want to read this one comment
here that I found as a big user of
gumroad for ebooks and subscriptions
this will really hurt our business the
timing could not have been worse in this
economy I don't mind paying more but
this is 3x and incentivized customers to
move the SAS subscriptions off the
platform the fact that sahil thinks this
is fair game makes me worry he'll get
overconfident increase it for the 20
momentous notice what can he do to
restore credibility after this move so
what is happening to platforms like Kofi
coffee buy me a coffee Gum Road what's
happening is
these businesses were funded by VC
venture capital okay so other people
gave money
and their first years were dedicated
towards user acquisition
okay and to get
a lot of users you have to offer
crazy stuff
so Facebook
offering a hundred percent splits right
or
some like patreon competitor offering a
hundred percent of the money you get
okay
these businesses were built on Venture
Capital their plan was to burn that
Venture Capital while they acquire a ton
of users with this offer
and then they were going to start
raising the prices or find a way to
monetize or do ads or whatever the
problem is that only works in a boom
economy now the Venture capitalists and
their LPS the limited partners that
provide that kind of capital are no
longer interested in funding these kind
of businesses because these businesses
do not have a good business model they
are not built on the back of actual
profit that makes sense so you building
your plot why do you care about this you
building your platform on one of these
competitors you're going to see these
prices increase you're going to see
these businesses cut options and maybe
even shut down over the next two years
of this recession uh because they just
did not have a good model in the first
place and that is for that reason I
think that patreon is the king of all
bottom funnel monetization
um I think it's not even close patreon
is the only one of these uh companies to
have posted even and to maybe even be
producing profit and doing pretty well
they take a very reasonable split which
is about eight percent sometimes as high
as 12 percent sometimes as low as four
percent depending on what kind of
packages and stuff you've negotiated so
patreon is a place where people can live
you have 100 Access to all of those
contacts you can email them you can
contact them directly through the
patreon system or outside of it you can
gather those users you can send them to
other places you can link out it's a
very safe and stable platform and you
need to be thinking what am I doing
three years four years five years in the
future where my platform is just doing
uh what is my platform doing like and
think about it like okay like if you
decide based on this video to start a
business on Twitter or Facebook or
whatever and then it shuts down your
page and your profile like you're dead
overnight for that reason I think you
always have to balance security with the
idea of like growth okay like it's not
just about like what platform you can
grow the best on because if it is like
you should be on Facebook and you could
probably grow a page there but it might
not be there next month right like you
have to think about the foundations of
the building too
and patreon just kills it for that
reason I think like a YouTube top funnel
patreon uh bottom funnel with like a
tick tock or like Twitter support is
like the way to go for Content creation
and for business building right now I
think that's the best way to move your
product I think that's the best way to
for for Content creators the best way to
like have your users end up like even if
you are a like twitch or YouTube primary
streamer I would encourage people to not
have their Community subscribe there and
instead subscribe on patreon in both
cases the the split is higher and you
can provide benefits to that person and
you can you can like really gather that
user and have that user um be more
dedicated than those other platforms uh
I actually like don't care about twitch
and YouTube subscribers at all what I'm
considering working with like other uh
like what I'm saying I'm not saying that
personally as a Creator I'm saying it as
like the people I work with you have 3
000 subscribers on Twitch like whatever
like I think that twitch is about to
disappear and I just don't think it
matters I think that uh somewhere with
like YouTube
you have 3 000 subscribers paying every
month that's great but like you don't
own those people you can't like you
can't like email them you can't like
contact them directly very easily
um you don't like really know who they
are they don't really engage with you
except outside of like your live stream
like once your live stream stops your
content stops they stop whereas on
patreon
um it's very easy to update those people
it's a lot less production quality that
you have to do you just have to provide
them value in some way which could
either be like a uh like like something
like I do for example it's like
educational videos that are these are
very easy for me to make even though
they're really comprehensive and and
good information
I don't have to worry about all the
marketing that I have to put into like a
YouTube video where I have to make sure
that it's it's good for the um like the
wide scale audience here I can just talk
about that I know about and then
people will benefit from it likewise you
know if you're selling a service
or a product and you want your content
you want your people to be like deeper
in the funnel
um providing like any kind of like even
behind the scenes stuffer updates on
patreon is super easy to do
so I think that if you're looking for
like kind of a tldr like a summary of
like where I think people should be that
are building businesses or content
creators it's pretty straightforward I I
think that YouTube should be your main
platform I think that if you are
monetizing your community you should do
so through patreon you should be really
wary of these other websites that um are
are like offering really crazy stuff uh
because they're just going to raise
their prices or fall out in the next
year I think that you should have a
secondary because remember my philosophy
on attention is that you should have two
platforms really mainly that you're
focused on and that's it I don't think
that people should be on every one of
these platforms because you're just
going to dilute your content and you're
going to dilute your business and you're
not going to do well at any of them so
you got to kind of choose one or choose
two I think YouTube is kind of the king
and after that it's like either Twitter
just because it's a fun as hell place to
be with a lot of attention or Tick Tock
because the stuff looks really good uh
and then you know just a quick nod to
like those other platforms that
um
I was talking about earlier if you're a
professional or you're an expert I I
really like LinkedIn right now um it's
owned by Microsoft and then like
Microsoft is just not going anywhere
LinkedIn it's not going anywhere
um they've just Microsoft's an
incredibly stable and amazing business
that's run by probably the world's best
CEO right now next to Bob Iger
um and we'll just see what happens but
yeah I'm really pretty pretty strong on
on
um on LinkedIn Pinterest again for
female audiences is kind of a slept on
option
uh I had mentioned in the last report uh
that like I was looking at a platform
called be real
um that didn't end up doing anything I
just don't I don't think I really went
anywhere so I would even put that on
this list right now and as far as like
new platforms that I'm looking at
there's nothing interesting
um in the live streaming world like we
we saw kik.com which I don't think will
go anywhere
um there's been some other platforms
like trovo and D live that are kind of
hanging out that aren't really doing
much that uh you're having problems with
user acquisition and Technology
acquisition I don't think that will
change in 2023 so um nothing to mention
in the live streaming world the Twitter
competitor world is also sort of dumb
you either have
um really insanely political leaning
platforms like true social or parlor or
you have
um absolutely impossible to use open
source ideas like Mastodon where I I had
um I had made a comment or a couple of
comments in a video
about Mastodon and I got some pretty
good emails from people that were
telling me that I I might have been
missing the mark and so I looked in the
message and created several accounts and
stuff like that and I could say with
confidence that messed on is not going
to be a Twitter competitor there is no
freaking way because the
um the the service isn't Twitter I don't
know why people are even comparing it to
Twitter it's just not the same type of
thing Mastodon is is separated into
multiple different sort of communities
and those communities are individually
moderated so for example like you can
create a mastodon account on a server
with its own admins that can read your
DMs that can that can like see all of
your interactions they can ban you
whenever they want there's just no way
that Mastodon is sort of a decentralized
Twitter and it's one of those things
where the idea of it is really cool but
the actual execution is never going to
be such that it will be mainstream
adopted there will be people that like
build many communities there and even
drive businesses there but the vast
majority of people will just not adopt
that platform because it's just too hard
to navigate and and like nobody like
like there's not like a really great
um sort of like funnel like user
experience to kind of like tell you okay
this is like ready to go and what to do
so I'm just not I'm not big on it I just
don't think that mastodon's gonna be a
Twitter competitor I don't see anything
being a Twitter competitor I Rumble
actually is like posting some pretty
interesting numbers in terms of users uh
if they are to be believed but like and
that's like a platform I'm looking at
but again you've got that problem of
like the like extreme political winning
the hate speech the stuff like that
where like a platform that just
advertises like hey you can do anything
here it's always going to have a problem
with advertisers and as long as you have
a problem with advertisers you don't
really have a business just a matter of
time until like your business sort of
folds in on episode on itself so I I
don't think that Twitter it has a short
form competitor
um that's kind of one of the reasons why
I'm really hoping that it survives
because I it's really important to the
community discourse but that's another
video
um so don't like pay attention to any of
these like competitors right now in the
live streaming or like short forms space
I don't think there's any
real real legs behind that stuff
um
long-form competitors or new competitors
basically nothing
Tick Tock isn't really making the the
leaps they need to be making to compete
with YouTube on long form it might just
be impossible like it might be a little
Monopoly that YouTube has on that
particular type of content nothing has
been able to do it like Vimeo or any of
those places have been able to do it so
I think YouTube Still Remains King
completely
and that's sort of the honorable mention
category of the uh platforms I think I
covered everything
um
I mean if you guys want to hear about
other platforms or things that we're
thinking about
uh
then let me know for the next video
where are we putting our money like what
are we doing as an agency well about 90
of our businesses in YouTube right now
so that should probably tell you where
where a lot of our faith is
um that that's a huge change from twitch
I mean we've literally moved hundreds of
thousands of dollars of advertising if
not millions of dollars away from twitch
um I just have no interest in
advertising there
um for so many reasons I don't know if
you're interested in why it's like a
separate video
we're putting some money behind well we
paused all of our money on Twitter
and that's because like we just don't
know what the hell is happening most
brands are doing that most agencies are
doing that too
um we're not running anything on
Instagram right now we're running quite
a bit on Tick Tock which is why I was
able to give you these numbers it's
going well but it's still like a pretty
experimental budget so if I have like if
I have like 200k I I might like throw
like 10 or 20 at like a tick tock
experimental fund kind of see what
happens and get like good engagement as
long as the Brand's down for it but
um
I'm not gonna like really make a like a
coordinated Tick Tock campaign
um so most of my works on YouTube
and with some honorable mentions for
like Tick Tock and Facebook to Twitter
is paused as of the time of this
recording
yeah that's about it I mean this this
doesn't keep in mind this doesn't
include the budget that we're running
for like our actual job which is like
influencer marketing so so when we
actually really engage individual
influencers that do campaigns across
multiple different platforms that's
where like most of that budget ends up
going but on a platform spend like
that's what we're doing
um we still engage
mid-sized creators on Twitch
somewhat I I think that like between 500
to like 5 000 concurrent viewers
there is for the right price there is
some activations you can do that are
kind of exciting and we'll get really
good engagement and are really neat for
brands so I we still run quite a bit of
those we're gonna be running a lot some
more of those in
um we're gonna do like a lot of twitch
and Twitter collab type stuff in quarter
one of uh 2023 that uh so basically I'll
have like a lot more data on how that's
doing but I do think that midsize
creators on Twitter are engaging with
brands well
um and and Tick Tock likewise driving
audience and stuff to other places
okay I think that's it that's the state
of the platforms
um let me know what you think let me
know if you've seen one more stuff you
have specific questions about things
that I brought up uh thanks for being
here and as always uh just thank you for
supporting this patreon uh this is the
kind of videos that I'd love to create
because I think this is objectively good
information and it's kind of the reason
why most people are here so we'll make
more of these all right okay bye
