hello hello today we are talking about
how to measure success when you are just
starting out this is extremely important
conversation and i'm going to cover it
from this from a couple of different
standpoints the question that inspired
this was in mastermind chat and discord
and was in the context of content
creation so i'll address that but i also
want to address how you evaluate success
in terms of uh life and and like
business and things like that so let's
go to the original question here in uh
by the real james humphrey how do you
all go about evaluating if you're doing
well in an area that you're just
starting out in i think it's pretty
important to know if you are doing below
average so you can self-reflect and know
that you need to make any changes or try
to do something else entirely um social
media landscape the expectations widely
should be varied by platform nation type
of content we make this even worse you
usually see a lot of successful creators
but thousands of millions of other
creators who aren't successful making a
percentage of the average skewed and
then he has a little bit of a personal
story so we'll address that in a minute
so this is obviously from a content
creation standpoint um i'm going to
address this from a general standpoint
first and then i'll give some objective
metrics that i think are ways to
evaluate your success uh in traditional
business as well as in consecration this
is not going to be a video where you you
just get some like touchy-feely answers
i'm going to give you objective stats um
as to what i think you can focus on and
what you can do to evaluate your success
and to do that we need our good friend
here
notepad okay let's begin so um before we
get started on how you do evaluate
success it's actually just as important
to understand how you don't because more
people are evaluating success based on
on incorrect metrics that cause them
emotional damage and a lot of harm and
we need to address that right away
that's going to be like one of the most
important parts of this so here's how
you don't in general
evaluate success okay
at any level
beginning or otherwise really
number one is compare yourself to other
people
in the business or creator world
okay so um this is one of the most
obvious but also one of the most
insidious
social media particularly things like
twitter and instagram are set up to
subconsciously have you compare yourself
to other people right if you're on
instagram you're looking at people's
most beautiful and their best moments
you're saying okay i can never be that
pretty i can never be that fit i can
never like people are only posting there
that select for people that are um
not only exceptional but in in the
moment of their posting the most
exceptional of their exceptional lives
right so you don't you don't as real
james humphrey mentions you know this
average skews and so if you spend a lot
of time on social media or comparing
yourself to other channels or other
businesses that are in your space that
is a recipe for disaster you will find
only unhappiness there and you won't
find anything productive the the art and
the act of going and seeing a competitor
and then analyzing what is it that makes
this person better right so if you go to
their youtube and you say what is it
there is it their tempo is it their
production quality that's a positive act
that if you go into a business that's a
rival agency or somebody said what are
they doing right is their sales better
are their people better um are they
spending more time on other actions that
i'm that i'm not spending time on these
are productive questions actual
comparison was like this person is more
successful than me this person is
getting followers easier this person is
getting collaborations that are that are
that are expanding their um
their reach and they're becoming they're
going very fast these are not productive
areas uh and these are most of the areas
that people focus on having evaluated
hundreds of relationships with people
that are trying to be successful most of
the unsuccessful people when they
actually like break down in their mind
what is making them unsuccessful they're
looking at these other people and
they're seeing these like any kind of
excuses they can find rather than
looking at those objective metrics which
we're going to talk about in a minute of
like what actually make you successful
so don't compare yourself to other
people in the business or create a world
or really at all this is just not
productive um
the other thing the last thing i'll say
on this because i don't want this video
to be like too uh up in the air i want
to give you some like real objective
stuff um so that will be coming i
promise and it will be worth it
the other idea behind this is just like
you don't live in somebody else's
moccasins completely and most people are
having like pretty difficult lives even
like really highly successful people who
might be uh might seem financially
secure are probably dealing with
marriage issues with with family issues
life is just hard in general so
you can't compare yourself to the
outward-facing image of a person that
they portray on social media it's just
not going to be good and and we always
see people's best work when they turn on
the camera
okay the second thing is listening
uh to almost everyone
other people okay
most people this is a controversial one
most people do not understand or know
your business as well as you are going
to know it and most people if all you do
is you take a notebook which i have all
the time i have a notebook that i write
in and if all you do is you take a
notebook and you write down where you
think that you can improve the best
most likely that introspection that
activity is going to be better than
almost anybody in your life that
actually has an opinion okay so the if
you imagine like a circle and there's
other circles that go out from this
let's say that the furthest away from
your circle is someone that's watched
you one time for like five minutes and
they post a comment and when you're just
starting out right you're going to read
every comment like if that's if the
total chat messages you get on a stream
are six to seven a day and the total
number of comments you get on a youtube
video is right around the same you will
read every comment and one comment
will likely tell you especially if
you're a smaller person what direction
you should go you should not entertain
these people ever right like even if it
seems like a good idea what you should
be doing is you should be doing the deep
introspection on your own to figure out
where you ought improve and
simultaneously looking at your
competitors and seeing what they're
doing right not comparing yourself but
saying okay what are the the things that
are real they're really getting right
and that are like really making this
happen you should not listen to other
people most of the time most the only
exception to this rule is if you have
entered into a deliberate mentorship
relationship with someone who is
extremely knowledgeable in their craft
and has proven that success beforehand
right those two things have to be true
so you have to you have to have agreed
with a relationship with someone where
it's like okay this person is worthy of
me listening to and is worthy of of
teaching me and secondly they have to
have a track record of success in that
field those two things if they if they
have one of those but not two of those i
don't think most of the time they're
worth listening to but of course the
more true that these things become the
more worth they're listening to they are
so the reason why i put this here is
because if you if you do do this a large
amount of people are going to get stuck
in the sauce of always trying to improve
um themselves in the eyes of other
people how many of you know game
publishers who try to make their games
around other people based on reddit
comments and youtube comments and all
the stuff that like their their
community is sending them how many
people know like a game that has tried
to please like all the people that are
coming it's impossible right like the
game always fails that always doesn't
succeed the best games in existence are
games like elden ring where the people
just make the game completely in their
vision right
it's difficult we don't care that's what
we want right or
there's a boss you can't beat because
it's like too difficult you gotta figure
it out we're not gonna do any
accessibility stuff it's just gonna be
just to be hard right like the most
successful games are games that build in
their vision they do not listen to the
community likewise the most successful
content creators and the most successful
businesses are not taking opinions from
people that um are are on the sidelines
just commenting right there's a million
different people that are commenting on
how amazon is and how bad google is
okay the top executives in the world at
those companies your your um you're uh
who's the guy that uh got promoted by
from jeff bezos is gonna say jeff but uh
the guy the ceo under him i can't recall
right now for some reason you're right
you're samara's your sergey brins these
people are not listening to those people
they are they have highly they have
highly trusted mentor groups groups of
advisors who are extremely competent
they have they have surrounded
themselves with people who are extremely
competent to have those tough
conversations those constructive
conversations about how to improve and
everyone else just falls on the
sidelines so listen there is no example
in business or in gaming or in content
creation where listening to other people
was a good idea you should not do it
most of the time third and last one for
what you don't do is about what you
don't evaluate success by is how hard
you work or how many hours you put in
so again um another controversial one
many people when you ask them if they
are successful will tell you how hard
they work they'll tell you how many
hours they spend in the office they'll
tell you that they do late nights
they'll tell you that they're like
sleeping on the floor missing their
family right this is not a metric of
how
successful you are or how you evaluate
your success because in the world that
we live in which is a creative world
where knowledge is power you do not get
successful by working hard there are
plenty of people that work 60 or 80 hour
weeks they have two or three jobs they
go back and forth in to barely support a
family blue collar workers who work in
hotels or restaurants or waiters that
have two or three jobs that work very
hard do not earn a lot of money and they
are not uh they're they're just trying
to get by right now these are not bad
people but this is not a way to evaluate
success you can't evaluate success by oh
i put 70 hours of work in most of the of
the white collar office workers that
work that hard the people in tech
companies that um are spending 10 hours
in the office every day are barely
working they're not actually putting in
the work it's super rare that you find
somebody in in these positions that is
actually doing hard work
hard focused work the entire time almost
never happens um and and and truly
successful people they measure by
objective metrics which i'm now going to
get into here uh and they don't measure
by how hard you work you can easily
become a millionaire working four to six
hours a day intelligently probably
become a millionaire working two hours a
day uh there's there's probably many
people that do it i'm sure we can search
up some youtube videos right now that do
it point being that it's so much more
important that you structure your work
uh but based on on what you're doing
rather than how long it takes and how
hard you work you should not you should
not there's so many people that come
into our discord and come into this
community they're like i'm getting after
it this is my my seventh youtube channel
i'm um i i got this like um i'm killing
it i'm a personal development coach on
the side i also um teaching kids how to
read and i've got a book drive that i'm
doing for a third party and you just
like go look at the actual substance of
these projects and nothing is happening
like like they're not actually happening
right um if you ever see anybody qualify
themselves by like how hard they work
like you really want to look into the
substance of what they're actually doing
what do they actually produce and it
ends up being not a lot all right so
that's a lot of talk about how you don't
evaluate success so let's talk about how
you do so the first um the first uh
thing i want to
talk about is traditional business
and professional
how you evaluate success
okay and this is where we're gonna start
getting into objective metrics so um
there's two concepts here cash flow and
runway okay so where cash flow is
literally how much money comes in versus
goes out
per month that's net profit
runway is
if i stop getting cash
how long can i do this
before
i can't do it
and need income
this is number one and this is pretty
much the easiest way to evaluate the
success of a business or professional uh
thing that you're doing
it's simple right the amount of money
that you have coming in uh versus the
amount of money coming out are you
losing money every month you're not
successful if you're are you making a
lot of money and have a surplus every
month you're reinvesting at your
business that's good the more you and
reinvest in your business the more cash
you have the more cash you have the
higher runway you have generally if you
have a year or more of runway you are
very successful so if you're you're
looking at your runway and you're saying
okay i can literally stop making money
for a zero dollars for for one year for
12 months and i would still be able to
run the business you're in a fantastic
position very simple way to evaluate
success as cash flow and runway
okay number two is
personal ease of life
which is what are you sacrificing for
this
so do you work 60 80 hours a week and do
you really work that much and you're
highly stressed is your marriage falling
apart is your life falling apart um are
you unable to do other things in your
life are you miserable at your job these
are just really easy um objective
introspection things you can do just
like go and sit down in the cafe and go
read and like read out like your notes
and just take some notes and figure out
like what you're actually sacrificing
for this your fulfillment and how well
you live your life is just as important
as what you do and how long you spend on
it so you really want to evaluate at
least like i do this twice um twice a
month so bi-weekly every friday i have
an evaluation of like
if you want to look at some of my other
videos
go back and look at like 80 20 questions
of like the questions that i ask myself
to evaluate um if i'm on the right track
in terms of my my ease of life but
generally speaking i i don't want to be
in i i don't want to be working 24 7 but
i love what i do so i'm okay like
working a lot but i have a lot of
indicators of that and you should
understand those indicators at all for
whatever you're doing uh and the third
one is is contribution so contribution
is just like what am what are you giving
back
uh is your business enriching people in
some way right uh
is there uh entertainment value is there
educational value like what is it okay
and then um we're gonna get into content
creation
for people that are trying to create
content or want to
and uh or just kind of interested in
this subject
this is very uh this is very
straightforward these are these are
really really objective metrics so
youtube what you're going to want is ctr
for thumbnails
and then you're going to want watch time
and completion rate for videos
and then you're going to want retention
for subscribers
and
videos
and then you're gonna want subscriber
growth
over time
three to six months
okay and then we're gonna tell you what
not to do
we're gonna go through each one of these
so ctr is called click-through rate
click-through rate is basically how many
people click on uh on your video this is
a function entirely of thumbnails and
title super easy metric really important
to evaluate um a click through rate of
like four to five percent is pretty
standard on youtube if you have 10 to 12
percent you are absolutely killing it if
you have like 20 to 40 percent most
likely this metric is skewed and you are
only getting subscribers clicking on
those videos which is why the number is
so high so for very small channels just
starting off ctr is not always a good
indicator of success because um if your
ctr should be around like five ten
percent to know that you're actually
killing it if your channel is too small
it's only your subscribers clicking on
the videos your videos are not being
recommended out to other people and then
you know that ctr is not a valid
statistic see a lot of people are like
oh my god my ctr is like 33 like sure if
you have five subscribers three people
click on it that makes sense right so
some people can't use ctr when they're
starting out most people can it just
depends on how youtube has aggregated
your channel and how many videos you
have the more videos you have the more
different people have been able to
consume them the more that ctr becomes
relevant to a channel that has like over
10k subscribers extremely relevant
metric like it's super important watch
time and completion rate this is a stat
that's important across all social media
it's extremely important across tick
tock extremely important across
instagram or any short form video or any
kind of short form content if a person
watches the whole six seconds to a
minute which is what most like short
form content is defined by this is
considered 100 completion rate the
person watches your entire video through
watch time it's super important if you
have videos that are longer than 8 to 12
minutes you generally want people to
watch longer than 8 to 12 minutes
because uh they'll be able to see the
mid role add in there and then that's
going to maximize your your your income
also you just want people watching
longer because they find what you say
interesting so the very best people on
youtube
will actually go through and they will
um analyze the points in time where most
people drop off their video because you
can actually pull up your analytics you
can look at a and you can look at a
retention chart and you can actually see
like oh bam like right here is something
happen and maybe it's like an ad
placement like maybe it's something you
said uh you could actually objectively
in real time go through youtube and
evaluate your completion rate and your
watch time and and how well you're doing
this is one of the reasons why youtube
is such a powerful service for analytics
is because you can really easily measure
your success on it it's it's super good
to do okay so watch time and completion
rate are super important um if the
higher your watch time is and where
people drop off on your videos gives you
a idea of how to improve the tempo and
the production quality of your videos so
that you can keep those people
interested the best youtubers in the
world like mr beast they go through and
they look at every single instance of
time where people drop off and they
replace that in their editing process
with something that's interesting and
they've gotten so good at it they can
make a video and they can say okay this
is a time where people are going to drop
off we know historically that this is
the time people to drop off we're gonna
do something fun here we're gonna do a
slide we're gonna do a new thing right
you look at someone like logan paul that
produces like six to 12 minute videos
and there's a there's some you can go in
one video and there's like 30 different
things 30 different story lines
happening it keeps people interested
right it keeps people going okay
next one is retention this means um how
many people
have subscribed over time
and how many people are going back to
watch videos of you again so you can
find this in analytics you can also find
this to some extent in your um
in your uh
analytic in your comment section excuse
me subscriber growth over time is a
super important metric
particularly understanding how many
people choose to subscribe per video
which is a stat that's available within
youtube super unfortunate metric notice
i didn't say
number of subscribers
so this is one of the first knots is
number of subscribers total subs don't
matter okay total subs over lifetime
doesn't matter because many of those
could be dead accounts many of those
could be bought accounts to signed up or
people that are now inactive on youtube
that signed up many of them could be
third world and they are just people
that are subscribing for some other
purpose it just because of your total
number of subscribers is very high you
might have two million three million
five million subscribers
there are plenty of times you can do
this right now and i'm sure you've seen
this on youtube you go to a channel with
like five million subscribers and
they're getting like 10k views per video
because maybe their niche
dried out maybe their content didn't
improve like they're just a dying
channel so number of subscribers is not
a good metric even when you're starting
out to figure out how you are doing the
growth over time is right so if there's
a difference and many people make this
mistake they evaluate their success by
the number of subscribers but growth
over time is super important so the
number of people that grow over time is
an indication of how fast and how well
your channel is going just like uh in
business cash flow and increased cash
flow is a and revenue and net profit is
a measure of success for traditional
business right if you are making more
money more people are willing to pay you
a lot of these uh um these uh same
things apply to
um traditional business particularly if
you have like a recurring revenue model
so
subscribers over time right very
important metric for your traditional
business more cash over time very
important metric for your your business
retention of customers people to come
back and buy product what's the total
average lifetime value of a customer
right
the higher this goes the the more
effective it is these are good things to
follow not just for content creation
okay so number of subscribers that's a
bad one um number of views
on a video
or views in general
i don't generally like evaluating
success
by number of views on a video or views
in general with a few exceptions
this is because
i think there are so many ways to
interpret
when a video pops off and becomes
successful so many reasons that it could
be
and to get lost in the sauce of of why
this did really well is um
not very objective okay so if you have
five videos and they all get 20k views
then one video gets 500 000 views
you could say that was my most
successful video of all time all videos
should be like that now there's an
argument to be made that like you maybe
should recreate that video in six months
along that same theme maybe there's
something there and it's worth doing the
analysis of figuring out why that video
got so well but it should not be a
flagship indicator of how you ought to
do your entire channel because there's
tons of reasons it could happen it could
happen because everybody's just
searching for that thing right for
example let's say that you you decided
to do a story on the defamation trial
between amber heard and johnny depp okay
and you you were at the right place at
the right time your other videos are
like 5k this video just pops off gets
three million views like should your
entire channel be about that well no
because in one month everyone's going to
stop talking about it see so you see
what i mean it's like there there are
not
it's not always the case that like
looking at the number of views that you
have is a productive like a productive
way of thinking there there can be there
can be cases where it is but a lot of
the time you want to look at your
metrics over time and and how people are
interested in in your stuff instead of
like um like the actual pure number of
people you're looking into right same
thing in traditional business where it's
like okay you don't really look at your
number of total customers as a whole
right we have this many customers how
many of those people will never buy
again how many of those people are have
exceeded their lifetime value as a
customer how many of those people are
are dropping off right um how many of
those people are actual customers right
you don't know so that's why i look at
that growth over time and those revenue
metrics are just better okay and that
pretty much covers it for youtube let's
talk about live streaming
livestreaming again is also very
objective pretty easy um literally only
followers matter super good uh
and followers over time
to some extent we're going to talk about
number of subscribers
and uh
umpv which is unique business watched
per viewer
um but again cash flow in
contribution and then we're gonna talk
about what doesn't matter okay so
once again just because you're doing
content creation doesn't mean that the
traditional stuff in business doesn't
apply all this stuff applies to um your
your youtube channel your your twitch
channel etc okay so uh why do i say only
followers matter i've done a lot of
thinking about uh live streaming
analytics
and um
most people
evaluate by ccvs i think is the biggest
mistake in life should mean full stop is
to evaluate by the number of years you
have
um
i think this is completely wrong i don't
think anybody should ever evaluate by
ccp's at any there is not a single
situation where somebody should evaluate
but the number of viewers they have
first the number of viewers you have is
highly uh up in the air if that person
if that those people could be called
viewers or not many of the people that
are viewing a live stream are not really
viewing it and the way that those views
are counted on most platforms are
extremely questionable including twitch
and also a viewer doesn't indicate
anything to you that's not a person that
has necessarily decided to engage with
you it's not a person who's decided to
follow you it's not a person's decided
to give you money it's not a person
who's decided to come back the idea of a
viewer even if you like i've seen so
many people have this neurotic thing
where they're at 10 viewers something
pops off they get 500 viewers and
they're like oh my god i'm becoming a
successful person they quit their job
bam back down to 40 50. what the hell
happened like maybe they retained some
but very few um this is a huge mistake
to you should you should hide your ccp
account you should never look at it it
could only be negative your your the
number of viewers you get is literally
only a negative indicator and nothing
else let's talk about what actually
matters and why
followers over time and followers per
hour a follower is a person assuming
they're not a bot that has decided i
like what you do and i have decided to
click on this because i want to see this
again that is huge right that's bigger
than like an instagram like or a twitter
like we just said that's a cool post
right like that's a bigger deal somebody
has directly engaged with your with your
channel and said i'll be back probably
right that's that's huge right the only
step above that is hey i'll be back and
i'll give you money which is a
subscription right so so if a person has
decided to buy you something from you
and they've donated or they've
subscribed then that's um that's a huge
positive right like damn like okay this
person is engaged with me in a direct
way um
so understanding your followers over
time and particularly your followers per
hour which you can see on a website
called um
if you just type uh god what is that
website it's pretty important so let me
just get it for you
um
stream
[Music]
streamer stats twitch tracker.com i
can't remember anything this morning so
twitchtracker.com is a great way to see
the stat followers per hour you can sort
your channel by game and you can look at
the number of followers you've gained
per hour playing whatever respective
game and determine that some are going
to be better than others followers over
time and followers uh per stream and
when those followers follow and why it's
all worth analyzing that's all super
important uh this is a hugely
controversial thing most people do not
think followers matter followers are
basically all that matters the only
thing that's more important than that is
subscribers people that are actually
going to pay for your content but that's
going to be a small percentage like less
than two percent of the people that are
coming into your stream i don't care
about unique views i don't care about a
number of ccvs i don't care about any of
that stuff we don't even know if they're
real viewers if they never engage with
you and a person comes in acts as a
viewer and then leaves and never comes
back what is that worth to you right
just the um
the
feeling of having a lot of viewers it
doesn't matter right so it's not a
metric of success it's a huge mistake
for most people
okay let's talk about umpv unique viewer
about minutes watched per viewer this is
an easy stat to get you just go to uh
look at your unique viewers divide that
by 60 right or sorry
get your unique viewers get your hours
watched divide hours watched by 60 and
then multiply it by unique viewers and
you get
minutes watch per viewer so um i could
write that formula down somewhere if
people want to i'm not sure i got it
right in my head but um it's easy to
calculate or you could just cool how to
calculate it unique minutes watched per
viewer actually you don't have to
calculate it you can go to um
twitch tracker and they'll tell you that
too they'll tell you how long the
average person watched a stream for
that's an important metric because that
right again viewer doesn't matter but if
i know that the average viewer watches
my content for 50 minutes a day that's
extremely important right if i know that
they have watched it for a hundred
minutes a day i know that i can put 10
ads in a in my in my stream every 10
minutes okay one ad every 10 minutes and
that there will be 10 impressions for
that advertiser and i can now sell that
to a brand so if you're just starting
out and you're early in the game knowing
that can get you on a fast track to
sponsorship for example but it's also
important just to understand uh it's
very similar to the watch time and
completion stat that youtube has where
you can look at it you can say okay like
damn like my idiots unique minutes watch
per viewer are quite high compared to
the average of other broadcasters in my
category people are interested in this
content and they're staying there and
they're watching maybe you have a really
laid back broadcast and you're just kind
of like hanging out and it's really easy
to watch your stream for a long time
you're not making like any like huge
things that are freaking out like if you
look at my videos my videos watch time
are extremely long right i usually have
a crazy amount of watch time way higher
than anybody else the reason is because
i'm providing super dense information
the entire time i put a lot of
time into like writing the um these
videos out in the way that um they are
so that i structure value into them and
they don't have a lot of fluff okay so
my watch time is typically very high
simultaneously if you look at my live
streams i had some of the highest watch
time ever because my live streams are
purely educational okay so so um unique
witness watch per viewer can be a great
metric as to how to evaluate what your
success is and then finally cash flow
and in contribution are great um for
obvious reasons that are listed in
traditional business okay so um i think
all this stuff could kind of set you up
to um to to figure out how to get
started
don't um
it's more important that
you look at the metrics and this is not
like an exhaustive list like there are
other metrics that you evaluate your
success by it's just ones that i thought
about in response to this i think
fantastic question
you
want to keep in mind in general that um
there are going to be a lot of different
ways to evaluate success but more
importantly the traps that people get
into to make them not successful is they
start doing things like this this is why
it's so important i led this with this
like in this video about like doing
these things are are these destructive
processes that are going to lead you to
being less successful
like you when you focus on metrics and
objectives you want to take the personal
like out of it you want to take the
character out of it and and and like put
in okay how are the ways that i can
attack and i can improve the best people
in the world are taking metrics like
this that are objective that are showing
their success over time or their failure
over time and improving on it the more
you do this kind of stuff the more you
waste your time on unproductive thought
loops and negativity that doesn't get
you anywhere and it's and for most
people like the reason why you know to
quote uh james here there's like
thousands and millions of content
credits who aren't successful
is because they get stuck in loops like
this for the vast majority of them do
right um it is possible for any person
to objectively look at their work and
say okay i can improve it in these ways
and and i can test and and i can
innovate and i can produce these results
this is going to happen uh it's possible
for anybody to do that most people don't
they get stuck in these negative thought
loops it's so easy to get stuck in with
social media and and which is like
evaluating themselves against other
people all this unproductive
that they can't get out of their head
right so don't be those people be the
people that evaluate your metrics and
even if it looks like you're a failure
to everyone else if you have confidence
in your numbers and what you're doing
and you're improving and innovating on
it then you are truly a success you just
haven't manifested it yet right like it
just hasn't happened yet but you're
there right it's the people that ignore
that and they go for um all these like
useless comparisons that are just gonna
stay in the same place forever okay so i
hope that was helpful leave me a comment
if it was and thank you for coming to
this 30 minute video i'll see you later
