hello today we are going to discuss
wealth building i think this is one of
the most important things you can know
to take control of your life and i think
you can separate it into stages so for
that reason this video is going to be an
overview of wealth building and we're
going to equate it actually to gaming
terms we're just going to kind of put
them in some fun categories that relate
to gaming because i think that's a good
analogy for wealth building
they're actually based on a lot of the
same principles and i'm just going to go
step by step through the ones uh that
on each tier and then in future videos
going to explain each tier out a little
bit more uh but hopefully that one this
one will be very helpful for anybody
that is trying to build wealth in your
life which should basically be everybody
because kind of wealth equals freedom uh
in the
world that we've set up okay so let's
begin so in the absolute first
start of wealth building we're just
gonna be going from you know you
literally have no money to
the absolute end game of wealth building
and we're gonna call this the start of
the game okay so this is the start of
the game you have zero dollars and
moreover not only do you have zero
dollars you are trading uh time for
money
okay which is basically a dollar per
hour conversion
right
so um everybody starts here and the
feasible
uh amount that you can make is dependent
on your your state and your government
basically uh it's it's whatever your
minimum wage is so um that might be
anywhere between like 12 to
honestly like 10 to like to 20 an hour
or whatever um
and this is where you start this is
where everybody starts okay uh unless
you're very lucky
so we're gonna assume everybody starts
here and this
um
the way that you leverage this tier is
uh and this is kind of all going to come
together as you see each tier develop
okay um and this is the this is what i
went through personally and and i'll
kind of share my personal experience
with this a little bit and like where i
went with these things so you're trading
time for money the way that you increase
your dollar per hour value is you
increase the amount you earn via
education certificates and negotiation
okay so at uh if you if you come into
the game at 15 an hour on your first job
you're uh and i should say also uh
experience
okay um
if you come into the game at 15 an hour
um
the way that you want to start thinking
about things
is you want to start thinking about okay
how can i increase my dollars per hour
so that they are the most valuable
possible so if i'm earning 15 now
double the amount of money that i would
earn working the same amount of hours
would be 30 an hour what would it take
for me to get to 30 an hour and there
could be several answers dependent on
your um
your field of expertise it used to be
college right that's what everybody
would say but if you think about college
um it's actually one of the worst
investments that you can make there are
other reasons to go to college but it's
one of the worst investments you can
make purely to increase your dollars per
hour because you are spending four years
trying to get a degree that says that
you are worth more money and maybe
you're spending longer than that because
often with like master's degrees and
phds where your dollars per hour value
can scale it's going to be a lot more
than that so
that said um i'm a very big fan of
certificates i'm a very big fan of
volunteer experience
i'm a fan of doing things within the
field of expertise um there's also
content creation like writing and
becoming an expert on those particular
fields that can increase your dollar per
hour value outside of the scope of um
going to like college or or making a
massive investment in like a year-long
course or something you you really can
put anything on a resume and a lot of
people at this tier don't realize that
you can um
you can you can you can really increase
your dollars per hour almost immediately
but by doing just a couple of hours a
day of something on your off time
whether it be like a certificate or some
kind of volunteer work like if you're a
computer programmer for example you know
you can you can put something up on
github you can build your resume by
building programs within your expertise
that show your experience
and then act as leverage points on your
negotiation or on resumes a lot of
people don't think like this negotiation
is always good i mean um some of you may
be able to go to your employer and
immediately request a salary increase
simply because you haven't done it or
because you believe that you're you
haven't got a seller increase in a while
and your work is uh extraordinary
compared to what you're getting paid so
this negotiation often goes a very long
way um and that's the start uh there's a
lot more to talk about here but i could
get stuck in the weeds on basically all
these subjects so i'm going to just keep
moving on because this is an overview
video all right so early game
uh is you are a high income earner
because you mastered
the start okay so at this point you've
increased your dollars per hour to the
point where you're a high income earner
but you're still trading time for money
okay so your step here um
and the way you increase at this tier is
diversification
otherwise this is a weird word of
investments into stocks
assets
minor real estate maybe like your first
home cryptocurrency etc
or we could just like uh high-risk
investments
okay so at this tier you are earning a
high amount of money and most people
never pass through the early game
unfortunately they don't get past like
level 15 okay out of a 60th level scale
they um you become a higher income
earner because you've leveraged one of
these things after mentioned but then
you maybe buy a house and um that house
will probably do quite well for you
you'd use some stocks and cryptocurrency
but um high income earners that pass
into the next tier which we're going to
call the mid game are people who
consistently
um diversify their assets
into
asset classes that are earning them
um returns and they the people who do
not pass into this tier it's important
to talk to about them as much as it is
the people that do succeed because far
more people don't succeed are people who
have um people who fail here have
lifestyle inflation
so lifestyle inflation is when your
income goes up and your expenses go up
um
in proportion to your income this
happens to a ton of people and there and
like it happens most of all because
people are like it's not going to happen
to me uh and everybody thinks that but
it actually happens to everybody so what
happens when you your income goes up is
the people you hang up out with also our
high income earners um the price of
things goes up right you live in more
expensive areas like you might be in
seattle for example um or san francisco
or somewhere where a state income tax is
eating you and you don't like get it and
then you're also spending more money
because your cost of living is higher
because you're in a job you've earned
yourself into a job through doing your
start work that uh puts you in a higher
profile place so for example right if i
was in the early game uh i'm in seattle
right now and i paid 2700 for rent and
one of the big decisions i'm way past
the early game but one of the big
decisions i've made this year is i'm
moving to either texas or nevada uh so i
can save quite a bit of money like i'd
say 30 to 50 percent of my cost of
living expenses in that place now why
would i make that decision when i'm
financially free i don't have um any
particular uh need to do that right i
could i could maintain in seattle quite
fine because i am aware of this
lifestyle inflation problem even at
later tiers lifestyle inflation has no
end so even in the end game you can
spend enough money to get out of any
tier right and put yourself right back
to level one so lifestyle inflation is
really scary uh that's that's the thing
that people um lose out on here
uh people who who are who pass this tier
are people who invest consistently in uh
stocks assets and things like that um
and they invested as a percentage of
their income a high percentage of income
so they save like 50 or 60 percent of
the of the total money that they um they
earn
and um they put that back into like
asset classes and uh they'll end up
passing to the mid game which um at this
point
means
uh the big difference between the early
game and the mid game is uh you're
trading time for money here in the early
game um so again most people do not pass
the the early game right because at this
point consistent monthly income
[Music]
or saved income
allows you to leave
the race like leave the rat race right
trading time
equals money
uh
okay and that's what that does so that's
really the big difference in the mid
game and the early game the um the
actual net worth uh that you might have
uh is
sort of like insubstantial so so like
some people can do this because they
just have three thousand dollars a month
coming in from a solid source that they
can rely on and that's all they want and
then they're done they're in the mid
game they don't have to work another job
okay some people are
um
have just gotten through investments
uh in my case i i skipped a couple of
tiers and because i sold a few companies
a couple companies i was able to get
into the mid game by having a large
amount of saved cash so at that point i
i did also diversify and i continue to
diversify via investments but
investments have been
a
small amount of my returns personally
compared to the amount i have gotten off
of selling businesses which i'll talk
about in a minute so at the point of mid
game um people who progress here
are people who work on equity building
and asset building projects so remember
don't attach these tears to greater
amounts of net worth right um
you you might have something in your
life
that allows you to work on these
projects without having any income it
could be a sugar daddy could be your
parents it could be that you're sitting
on a huge amount of
of trust it could be that you have very
low expenses and you only need to work a
couple of hours a month because you're
in like a software job or no one pays
attention to it could be whatever right
um some people they get lucky right and
they can skip these two tiers and they
go to they can go right to the mid game
because the only thing that keeps you
out of the big game is your expenses
most people are not lucky enough which
is why i start with these two tiers to
have low expenses or have their expenses
paid for so they have to sit in this
place and earn enough money and become
high income earners until they get here
but if you for some reason are in the
mid game and you don't have to worry
about your income and your expenses well
then your next step is going to be
building equity-based and asset-based
projects so what do i mean by that as an
overview equity projects are things that
you own interest in that you can later
sell to someone else for extra extra
extraordinary value right so for example
when i owned counter logic gaming i had
a percentage of equity ownership in that
with my my business partner george and
when we sold that company madison square
garden traded me for that equity and
they and they paid me very nicely for
that right enough that i escaped all the
way into like the mid-late game okay um
and that
happened because i spent three or four
years building that company um taking a
very small salary similar to what i'm
doing now at novo right
and building something that is an equity
building project now you can also build
asset building club projects and so
what's an asset building project example
something like consistently investing in
real estate buying homes loaning them
out through favorable bank terms and
then having them appreciate in value
fixing them up and generating consistent
income from tenants or airbnb
also what's another example of this is
built a buying small-scale cash flow of
businesses so looking at businesses like
um a cafe or something or a laundromat
or a you know any kind of company um and
seeing that those put off some cash flow
owning those businesses and running them
this is how you escape the mid game um
and uh
that uh that that's uh
those things will generate enough
consistent monthly income to put you
into what we would call the mid to late
game
uh this is where i personally am so i i
know a lot about this because i'm
thinking about a ton and this is uh
you've reached a point where you are
um
you are not concerned
about uh
finances or expenses
and you have uh you have several
assets
generating cash flow right uh
okay so mid to late game um the way that
you
succeed at this point is um you sell
equity and asset building projects uh
you trade work in
for massive returns
uh at the end of that work
so um
novo uh novo inc uh my creative agency
is a um 10 million plus business uh
conservatively um
that i started from zero with my
co-founder matt that i own fifty percent
of the company in so if i sold it today
um i'd walk with uh you know somewhere
somewhere north of a few million dollars
and if i sell it later um it'll be worth
a lot more than that because i'm
building turnkey solutions that will um
end up increasing the valuation of the
company
so my concern and your concern in the
mid late game is um and this could be
one thing it could also be um 10 things
it could be whatever you want um you are
you are trying to make a big play uh and
there are many different ways to do this
like you could you could uh buy a
building of um of like uh like a tenant
building of like 40 or 50 apartments uh
they could generate cash flow for you
and then you can sell that building for
you know an extra like one or two mill
um because just appreciate some value in
a good area um that you could just buy a
cash flow business and then or or start
a cash flow business and then end up
developing automated and turnkey
solutions that increase the valuation of
that company somewhere in tech or
whatever a lot of choices right so when
you're in the middleweight game you're
thinking about
how do i make very big plays
in um uh uh in the businesses that i
have personal ownership in
right that uh i can then leverage
to uh get a unbelievable return right
you hear of some people that are selling
businesses for like 100 million dollars
or 500 million whatever um i don't put
too much stock into those kind of goals
i i think
you don't a lot of people overestimate
the amount of money that they need and
underestimate the um
like
the amount of work it takes to get to
those ultra high net worth
levels of wealth like if you want to be
like a 50 million dollar plus player
you've got to give up everything in your
life um to do that right but if you want
to be a 5 million dollar player where
you're like your total net worth is like
five million and appreciated and mostly
diversified you can like do that like
on the same amount of time that a person
spends on a nine to five and um you'll
be just as happy like like uh the the
the difference between like running at
like 10 million net worth like 50
million net worth like 100 million net
worth is like pretty negligible
unless you have really weird goals um
and and the mid to late game is just
concerned with like uh more like fun at
this point is like i'm like for i'm
building novo because i i love being in
the creative agency world of marketing
world um i think it gives me unique
insights into like the behavior of like
human beings and then simultaneously
it's like it's going to be a
very high value asset at some point that
i can either hold on to or i can sell um
some percentage of right uh it's to um
take those returns and then go into
something else that i might be
interested in at that point which is
when i would sell it right i'd sell it
at the point where i want to go um
probably in my case i'm looking at um
the end game
and that is you buy improve and trade
major asset classes
and businesses
so this is like
um you're owning real estate complexes
you're owning like apartment complexes
100 to 200 like uh
attendance here you're you're buying
like you might own like 80 or 90
properties um that you're you have a
management company that's like letting
stuff out or you're at the head of a
massive corporation um that you own
equity in that you that's generally like
billion dollars revenue or you are
buying selling and trading businesses
that are putting off like huge amounts
of returns right this is the end game um
[Music]
i i i'm still like pretty young so i
don't know like what i'll be interested
or if i'll be interested in this because
like you can check out like after this
like you can check out
at any one of these points uh i mean
hell most people check out in here right
and then they retire
and and it just comes down to your
personal happiness so like um unlike a
massively multiplayer game like you
don't have to get to max level right um
well actually much like a must
multiplayer game a lot of people quit
before they hit max level
you know maybe the game's not for them
um maybe it takes too much time to get
to the max level the grinding is it's
too grindy right people don't like the
grindy games uh well guess what like
you've never seen and grind like this
these tiers right um
and i love this analogy so much for the
gaming thing because it's something to
think about
when you are getting into this um you
may not want to put in for the grind and
for a lot of people ending up in the mid
game or even in like the early game
where you just are making a ton of
income and you're diversifying it and
you know you're going to be done in like
10 years it's perfectly fine right this
is this is not a scale of success that's
something to you really have to
understand and if you're one of those
people who like thinks you need to get
here to be happy i hope you're listening
to this video so that i can knock you
out of that thought train because that's
not true right like i i'm not a i'm in
mid to late game i'm not a better person
or necessarily a happier person than
anybody at start or early game right all
that stuff is ascertained by your own
personal goals my i like building cool
 and i don't like listening to
people so i work in the mid to mid late
game because that makes me happy right
and i know that like that's the only key
that i have because i i can walk over to
amazon and my qualifications will get me
you know a 500k a year job there but i
will then leave two weeks later when
whatever vp i'm under uh inevitably i
get into a shouting match with and i
throw his desk right because i just
can't deal with it so i i know i have to
be in these like um cell phone like
equity building assets because that's
just the that's the gear that i have
right you have to make those sort of
introspective uh
um assessments for yourself
but i have no interest in particularly
ending
like mid later end game um you know 100
million net worth or 50 million net
worth or whatever
i i know that doesn't lead to my
happiness to like you know buy sell and
trade islands and um and it
probably doesn't lead to yours either
like like the
the um the things you have to keep in
mind is like okay
to what what do i really want to do with
my life and to what level
is
of income am i comfortable with most
people 10 000 bucks a month i mean
earning like 120 a year in a decent cll
like place like man you're gonna be fine
like you'll be really happy be able to
support a family take care of stuff um
and and buy things that are you know you
can you can reasonably want uh if you
want more for some reason then you just
have to keep in mind that that after
this point
um
after the mid game
you are uh you're trading time for money
in a different way that the amount of
expertise you need the amount of
knowledge that you have to have and the
amount of just pure grind it takes to
like build a startup or something like
that is formidable and you have to be
you have to have the blood for that um
because if you don't you um
are good you're just gonna fail and have
a rough time right um
yeah so also i i think there's um people
that can skip tears right for various
different reasons so for some people i
mean you start
at uh as a founder of a business at like
20. this is happening more and more
right or maybe it's just kind of media
that's like um
that's like highlighting these people
you start a business at like 20 you sell
it for millions of dollars you're in the
middleweight game right away like you
never had a job right um or um there are
people that like are now earning income
in like more esoteric ways like uh
through cryptocurrency apr investments
and stuff like that so there are so many
ways to think about these different
tiers and that is why i want to break
them down by like each respective one
because i have so many ideas within this
like um there's also ways to to kind of
uh integrate tiers um
and like but i you know you could call
this multi-classing kinda i just made
that up on the fly but i think it's
really cool where like you could be in
the mid game and the early game like for
example by doing uh like uh
what they call them garage sales and
 and where you go out you buy items
and sell them and then you make like
four or five hundred bucks a week right
um on on week weekends and then you come
back to your normal job until maybe you
can quit that and get into the mid game
right um there are lots of lots of
things to do so uh future videos will
discuss those topics but for now that's
an overview of how to build wealth and
how to kind of think about it and
hopefully you can use this rubric to
sort of apply it to your own life as i
have and thanks a lot for watching and
if you have any comments uh leave them
below thanks bye
