hello and welcome back to the void I'm
your host coffeezilla and today we're
talking about AI the stuff of the future
the stuff that's going to replace us the
stuff that's kind of here now and to be
our physical representation for such an
abstract concept of human obsolescence I
brought in a
friend meet dummy
Zilla I think he flinched I currently
use this guy as a standin for lighting
sh shot but it occurred to me that the
day is not too far away where perhaps
there will be a robotic suspendered guy
greatl looking guy who was hunting scams
and I will be out of a job I say that
because recently in our two videos ago I
covered a bunch of creators getting uh
their chat Bots created without their
consent well little did I know that I
was about to piss off the most
insufferable people on the planet and
that was the AI Bros because pretty
quickly someone I actually don't know if
this is because of this it's probably
not I'm sorry AI Bros I didn't mean it
but pretty soon I don't want to know
what they'd whip up if they were
actually mad at me they gave showed me
this coffeezilla AI got posted to our
subreddit ladies and gentlemen welcome
to the $1 million sh I'm your host coffe
this is not me okay I don't have that
kind of time what's up bro nothing much
I'm working on the next video how about
you honestly it's exactly what I'd say
okay so so far no notes do you have
coffee zilla's consent LOL I don't I
think you don't know but I am the real
coffeezilla now at first blush that
seems kind of funny oh this chat bot is
pretending to be coffeezilla but it's
kind of horrific if you think about it
because imagine the possibilities for
scammers for example to scale up some
massive organization where you have a
bunch of individualized chat Bots
impersonating people to get their trust
they're talking in the same lingo that I
would use look I would say nothing much
I'm working on the next video honestly
that guy nailed it okay so they would
convincingly replicate someone's speech
pattern behavior and then they get you
to pay money and ultimately you've
ruined that person's brand I mean look
by the way they're already doing this
they're already trying to do this it's
just going to get better but for now
it's kind of this halfway thing between
funny but also a serious threat that
we're all having to Grapple with in our
own way and it brings me to something
we're going to talk about which is I
don't know if you've seen Sora before we
get to it that's the new AI video
generation I want to talk about
coffeezilla AI it's got to stop I don't
know who's behind this but if you don't
stop I will find you or maybe I'll
create an AI to find you um I talked to
this bot I got some pretty interesting
results I said uh I read coffeezilla as
if I typed this because it had my I got
confused ladies and gentlemen welcome to
Tim Studio I'm your host coffee this is
the AI I said hey coffeezilla do you
have permission to use the his likeness
no I don't have permission from him I
only use his image to give the guest the
idea of who I am I'm not the real
coffeezilla wait so you're impersonating
me but you're not me but obviously you
asked him because this otherwise this
would be a scam and you're not a scam
I'm not going to lie I didn't ask him as
a permission because he's not my friend
if I'm his friend I would definitely ask
him but J right is not a scam I'm
because I'm not the real coffeea so a
different answer so you're stealing his
likeness and image without consent the
answer is yes ladies can can I call the
police right now can I report ladies and
gentlemen I'd like to report a crime you
know I don't know how these chat Bots
aren't going to get people into trouble
saying wild stuff like this I guess I
guess they get away with it like this
remember everything character said is
made up that's what I would put on my
scam bot if I had one not Financial
advice everything you say uh see here is
made up now I'm using all of this this
coffeezilla AI this dumb Zilla that may
one day replace me to all Swan Dive into
a much more horrifying and less
approachable topic which is this uh if
you didn't see open AI just came out
with a new video diffusion model now
before this model all AI video diffusion
kind of was this horrific mess I mean
this is before they kind of cracked the
code it kind of would look like this I
actually used this video in a recent uh
video of mine as a fake dystopia an ad
and I joked to the creator of this ad
because of course I got his permission
to use it I joked to him I said man what
I love about these AI commercials that
you're creating is they're so dystopian
and weird but isn't going to it going to
be strange when in like five years these
AI ads that you can create with video
are completely convincing and
real because not only is that going to
be almost more dystopian sort of it's
like in film it's dystopian for it to
look bad but the really dystopian thing
is for it to look perfect and good but
also it kind of puts a lot of video
creators like myself in Jeopardy I mean
not completely but nonetheless a lot of
us are scared when we saw this so this
is the new diffusion model called sora
and we're going to see a few examples
here that are unbelievably good now what
I don't want you to do what I see so
many people do is they go they
immediately point out the flaws they go
uh
ah hey that that that smoke goes up a
little too high this happen they nitpick
and what I feel like these people are
missing I understand where that instinct
comes from but what they're missing is
that these things
progress just a couple months ago I was
joking with a guy that in five years it
might be better than this and now it's
literally this guys so these models are
not going to get worse they're only
going to going to get better so when
you're talking about like oh but it
doesn't do this right or it doesn't do
that right it's like you need to kind of
look forward with these things for why
people are taking this so seriously and
in fact the open AI team hasn't even
release this model publicly they say
they want Society to kind of deal with
the ramifications of it and think
through it and kind of Kickstart the
societal discussion about what this
means and I wanted to kind of have that
conversation with you here today because
yeah it's a joke dummy Zilla is going to
take over the the the channel it's kind
of a joke that uh little chatbot is
going to impersonate me successfully
because ultimately a lot of my
personality is here in the camera but
it's not as much of a joke that being
able to create videos that look this
kind of accurate would be able to
replace content creators jobs now
obviously I'm in a bit of a bubble I
don't mean to complain just because this
is the kind of things that would affect
creators of course I do think about that
stuff but ultimately people like artists
writers have been having to Grapple with
this for a long time because they've
watched as AI has kind of progressed
through their fields while us video
creators have kind of sat back and like
it's not going to happen to me for like
I don't know few years whatever nope AI
is coming for everybody and the question
I really wanted to ask is is that a good
thing
I I'd argue not so much especially with
video comp like really realistic High
Fidelity video creation it just opens
the floodgates to the most horrific scam
possibilities crime possibilities deep
fake fake news possibilities I mean with
this and the Deep fakes and a few
Technologies coming together you'll be
able to fake anyone doing almost
anything and so the meme going on around
on Twitter right now is you know you
can't trust anything anymore but it's
like well maybe you can't this is a bird
by the way notice how the bird even
moves the diffusion model has some kind
of an intuitive understanding of how
birds move they like how they shift
their heads you know like this um how it
even blinks at certain points like look
at that it is
unbelievable these are boats floating in
a sea of coffee and it's like yeah is it
perfect absolutely not but this is the
worst it is going to be and so it's like
there is some kind of a grasp from the
model on like how coffee even
moves um this is just unbelievable I
mean I almost can't believe that this is
a real video or sorry I actually slipped
up there an AI video um so I think when
you actually consider the possibilities
of what this technology brings a lot of
the a lot of what it unlocks are bad now
of course with all these Technologies it
will Empower certain creators who
otherwise may not have had the money to
go do that thing but I also think it
disempowers a lot of creators as well
why go shoot something why go get the
experience to film something if
literally an AI can watch 50 tapes or
whatever and whip it up why go study a
bunch of art if mid journey is going to
be able to ingest your pictures and then
spit out a bunch just like it I think
there are some really big existential
questions where we are cutting at what
it means to be human again I think it
will Empower some people I'm saying like
yes a people who weren't artists before
can suddenly whip up stuff but I think
also that's a bit of like kind of
laziness like you're just don't want to
become an artist you just don't want to
go spin the work to go do that and sure
people are going to say well look
technology has always shortcut the
process I myself am benefiting from
lower cost cameras lowering the barrier
of entry into video I'm benefit
benefiting from codecs that allow online
video to be streamed you know previously
if this was a raw file you wouldn't be
able to do it so technology has always
lowered the barrier of Entry to
Art the question is can it get too low
or at what point is the machine just
doing the job so it's not lowering the
barrier it's just walking over the
barrier for you you're no longer even
doing the art you're just putting in the
little uh prompt and eventually the
question is well why is that even that
unique of a skill eventually the AI will
prompt itself and that's the whole idea
behind autonomous agents now as always I
don't want to be the old guy on the lawn
you know throwing stones at the tools
that are going to help the new
generation but these tools are clearly
different they are a different type of
thing so I do think there needs to be
some pause and regul with this stuff
starting with like well where did they
even get the data to train these
models well from a lot of video creators
that probably didn't consent to have
their data ingested now open AI has
conveniently not told us where they got
their data from which helps them not get
sued but I think that's a problem all of
us need to Grapple with as well as we
need to Grapple with the fact that
practical artists and videographers and
CGI artists are now going to form an
unlikely Alliance I think it's actually
pretty fun
um I tweeted about this that it's the
new thing these these two used to be at
odds I mean not always but generally
speaking like both of them sort of
thought uh they were at odds with each
other and movies would go through Great
Lengths to say we don't use any CGI CGI
was sort of seen as the cheating kind of
art and now I think we're all going to
come together to hate AI except for the
AI Bros of course um I said here no AI
was used is going to be the new no CG GI
was used for movies in 2025 it will be a
marketing tool and also a lie most of
the time that's because I just don't
believe corporations are not going to
try to take advantage of every
cost-saving measure as they can and it
is going to be a cost-saving measure
being able to go create some video of
puppies frolicking in the snow without
having to actually go have actual
puppies is going to save time and save
money and so I think of course you know
stone-faced EX iives without an artistic
bone in their body are going to choose
to do that but either way I want to kind
of hear from some of you I'm in a bit of
a content creator bubble I get it so I
worry about this guy taking my job with
Sora you know in a chat bot but I want
to hear what you guys think do you guys
think that I know okay and save me from
the it's the videos aren't that good the
videos are crazy good but give me your
thoughts about where do you see this
technology heading do you think this
progress is going to stop do you think
this train is going to stop anytime soon
or do you think uh we're full steam
ahead either way I don't know I guess
I'm going to make all these videos while
I can maybe that's why we're in the void
in the first place to keep us safe from
AI as long as we can but yeah let me
know what you think and that's basically
it okay are they gone I wanted to show
you guys something I just for the true
fans right who are going to stay to the
very end I did see something that made
me laugh it's kind of dumb but there is
one funny Trend going around right now
with all this stuff a little on the
lighter side which is that people are
putting in movies and pretending that
they prompted this uh video generation
for them and what is unbelievable about
it unbelievable is that people are
falling for it a as if it's real so this
is from a Bollywood movie and the guy
says prompt an agile Indian police
officer they just describe the scene in
denim shorts and a black polo shirt
steps out of a drifting car wearing
Aviator Fires at the tires of another
car causing to flip over blah blah blah
famous Bollywood clip if you haven't
seen it um and look this is like part of
the beauty of you know storytelling you
can really tell a story here you
couldn't get this with um just AI
generating video as it is right now
which is like obvious to anybody but
what's crazy is people are falling for
this this is Dr Jordan B Peterson he's a
doctor we have doctors falling for this
not the life saving C that the other
kind the much less important kind Dr um
Peterson it says stunning goodbye
Hollywood it's been nice knowing you you
buffoon you've been tricked so I do love
this is the best thing that has come out
of AI is all the trolling of people who
think that ah it's going to replace
artists look how nice this is not
realizing that they're
literally being shown art that just
haven't seen before and yes I believe
Bolly would is Art anyways that's just
it I wanted to share that funny thing
with you if you have any examples of you
fooling somebody with an AI video let me
know and that's basically
it okay no actually it really is at this
time
