hello we are exploring a core marketing
concept today and if you are a marketer
or advertiser which pretty much everyone
is of any kind this is going to be
something that you want to listen to and
that is a concept called exotic
marketing and how it differs from
traditional marketing this was inspired
by a twitch streamer named co-carnage
who just released a mobile app this is a
strange thing for a twitch streamer to
do in fact i think he's one of the first
people to do it he's not the first
there's more people that have done this
in different ways but we're going to
kind of cover what traditional marketing
versus
exotic marketing is
and how you can use some of these
concepts to really excel so traditional
marketing everyone knows what marketing
is advertising your products and
services to get
people to buy them right traditional
marketing is that there is a meta to
marketing okay
this is a super important concept to
understand it's actually a meta to
everything but but but
going a little bit backwards this is a
there's a meta to marketing which means
that generally once a platform gets
established
there is a
set of behaviors that everybody tends to
do so for example on twitch actually
twitch is a great platform to exemplify
this because nobody markets correctly on
twitch
the meta of marketing is
go on quick why start live streaming
improve your audio quality improve your
production quality maybe even improve
yourself so that you're a better
entertainer
any number of different ways that you
can do to like focus on the livestream
itself stream longer hours play more
popular games and that is the meta of
marketing when 99.9 of people even top
broadcasters they they come into twitch
the way they think about live streaming
is they think about marketing
in this way
likewise if you have a brick and mortar
business the way that you think about
advertising generally is like well i'll
put some flyers up maybe i'll talk to
some people maybe i will um post a
facebook ad these are all kind of like
ways that you would just sort of your
brain will logically go and it's really
easy to figure out what the meta is for
a particular type of business because
you just go to like four or five owners
of those businesses and say how are you
advertising they'll all be doing it the
same way so there's even a meta in
multi-billion dollar companies where
they think about tv ads they think about
billboards they have split certain deals
deals with sports oftentimes that meta
is very obvious because those larger
larger companies are embedded with
agencies that are doing things the same
way that they themselves have a meta
tube but just because
traditional marketing tells you to do
something a certain way doesn't
necessarily mean that way is correct and
that is the introduction to exotic
marketing so exotic marketing is
going to places where there is still
attention
potential buyers
of your product or service
but generally
very few advertisements
slash advertising is uncommon or
difficult
okay so
exotic marketing is interesting because
you can build an exotic marketing
campaign
in a place that is saturated everywhere
else so for example if i were to release
and market a game on the google play app
store i would be done right there would
be no way that i could get attention
that way that's that's traditional
marketing if you are a game app designer
you're going to put your app on the
google play store this is what you're
going to do
exotic marketing is when you take
something like that and you do something
like this so what this is is this is the
coalition mobile app code carnage for
those of you that don't know is a
variety live streamer on twitch he's a
very old broadcaster which is notable
because when i say old i don't mean
physically old i i mean he's been around
for a long time that's notable because
most of the older broadcasters on twitch
from his era that are like seven or
eight years ago are either dead or dying
and if you look at co carnage's uh
followers accounts over the uh over a
few days you can see that it's actually
very little comparable to the size of
his broadcast you can see like 59 76 200
uh 210 let's actually take someone like
um amaranth for example and i'll show
you the difference you'll see it really
quick
four thousand eight thousand five
thousand five thousand two thousand two
hundred fifty so what is the difference
between these two people same age of
broadcaster they've been around for
about the same amount of time one has a
ton of broadcast followers and one
doesn't what's happening is amaranth is
an expert at exotic marketing i'm gonna
explain what i mean and how to use this
not just in the live streaming context
uh this is just the the context this is
just
right here this is just like
setting this up so
co builds a mobile app because he's
trying to solve a problem and often the
best exotic marketing is trying
to solve a problem
coe's problem is
right now
he is kind of halfway through the
equation so he hasn't figured out yet
that he needs to do alternate forms of
marketing to grow and by the way he
might not be personally interested in
that goal and he might be just totally
cool in fact i imagine he might that is
probably why he's doing it he might just
not be interested in expanding and
becoming like a 20 or 30k viewer stream
whereas amaranth for example is
absolutely interested in that because
she's trying to grow for other goals and
she's building multi-million dollar
goals on the upside so maybe co is just
happy where he is so ko is trying to
solve a problem what is that problem the
problem is that he doesn't own the
platform which is a classic classic
issue right so building a mobile app
allows people to get notified and
everyone that signs up for that co can
control via their phone how much
of what they get and what they get
so basically this is a giant
notification app to supersede all of the
social media platforms that he otherwise
would have to compete with this is
exotic marketing right he's taking a
concept that's very popular other places
like a mobile app and he's bringing it
to something that serves him he's
thinking about something in this way to
solve this problem okay so
um he wants to control the narrative of
the way that he
the way that he talks to his audience
and thinking about this is really useful
that if you already have an existing
audience how can i get more in front of
them so for me this i also thought about
this answer my answer was actually
having a discord right but particularly
having a discord with notifications
turned on so that you can have a role in
my discord which says um okay i will um
i will receive notifications from you
and i won't turn this off and currently
that is 1500 people that have opted into
that so that's like when i send a
notification out that's 1500 people that
get that notification that i'm sure are
gonna get that push notification which
is great okay there are different ways
to do this on different platforms but
this is solving a problem but this is
just the beginning of exotic marketing
exotic marketing really means that you
are going to another platform and or and
you're using another service you're
using something that's a little bit
esoteric a little bit different to
accomplish a goal which is to bring
people in so the equivalent to this in
like live streaming or youtube would be
going to somewhere completely different
let me give you an example let me give
you a couple examples okay let's talk
about quora and ask um ask google
questions
slash yahoo answers which i think might
be discontinued
um but regardless
so these are services where
somebody asks a question on internet
like how do i lose 15 body fat over
eight months and oftentimes
google and other search engines will
rank
these
ask question get answer sites very
highly google also has built-in seo
where it says um
where it's where it how do i explain
this it leverages and prioritizes
answers directly to questions if you
actually type a question into google and
there is a web page that answers that
question like how do i market myself on
youtube and there's a webpage that
actually answers that question it google
will actually exert that word for word
put it at the top so oftentimes these uh
ask question websites get
very high um
clicks and reviews because of um how how
there's their index in the surgeon
so quora is a really interesting example
i bet
maybe half of you haven't ever thought
that you could market on there but there
are quora experts
that
they get 1500 responses 2 000 responses
and they have a profile link and you
click on their name it says expert it
says a ton of stuff in it um and you go
to their profile and you find out that
they're selling some kind of service
that might be related to what they're
covering so for example for someone that
might sell or review electronics they
might be answering every single
electronics question that goes up on
quora now not only are they getting that
person that reads that they're also
getting everybody that reads that
audience right this is sort of old
school forum posting this is a really
effective means of exotic marketing that
most people don't consider what if you
as a live streamer or as a youtuber you
went and you answered every single
question about your genre or your niche
and then you started appearing on these
um search engines i also knew a person
who ran a restaurant and was a yelp gold
reviewer so they reviewed every other
restaurant but when you went to them it
showed their restaurant local in the
area they reviewed every they went to
and reviewed every restaurant in their
local area in this case it was seattle
see that's another good example of like
exotic marketing that's something that
you wouldn't consider is going to yelp
and using that to market your uh your
restaurant or actually even better you
would consider using yelp to market your
restaurant but not in that way right
let's uh take some more so how about um
podcasting
podcasting is super interesting because
you can go around to
there's over 4 million podcasts and if
you start figuring out how to index them
this is a very easy way to gain an
audience oftentimes the hardest part of
building an audience is getting that
first like few thousand people to pay
attention to what you're doing and then
from there it's just scaling based on
like making really good stuff so
podcasting is a fantastic way to do that
podcasts are always looking for guests
like i said there's over four million of
them and they're very easy to search via
indexes like spotify or the apple store
so looking at every single podcast in
your particular genre or niche for
example if i was trying to grow this
business quite a bit i would start
appearing on a podcast with like 100 to
500 listeners 1000 to five thousand
downloads ten thousand downloads right
um
that that are related to marketing or
advertising or new media and i would
just appear on those at a regular basis
and i at the end at the end of the time
or during that time you get a chance to
shout out your stuff it's a very easy
way to build a direct audience and
nobody thinks about it if you're a live
streamer right you can you can go join
some podcasts about whatever game you're
playing or whatever you're doing this is
something that people don't consider how
about um paying for pr so this is
something that again um we do
through
novo
if you check something like uh amaranth
you can go here
and you can click news
and all of a sudden you'll see three
days four days three days 16 hours one
week two days right there's a huge
amount of media
coming out about amaranth that comes
from a lot of websites and this is
because amaranth built these these
systems this is actually really easy to
do you could just like email these
people and say hey i've got a story for
you or hey what would be an interesting
story and again if you go back to the
beginning of this video you're seeing
these eight thousand six thousand three
thousand uh follower counts on a stream
that is the same age as this one because
this is the difference between
exotic marketing and traditional
marketing co carnage does no exotic
marketing he does no marketing outside
of just turning on his stream and being
on twitch he does like he uploads like
his like um play videos
to youtube that are like um let's plays
and those actually do kind of well some
of them do and that's one of the big
reasons why this number is anything at
all because if you actually go to some
of these broadcasters who are
uh i would say as old but
they don't do anything on youtube of
which there are a few you actually see
these numbers are in the negative that
their their atrophy is just faster than
any of their passive follower account
because you don't gain followers from
twitch so if you look at the news pr is
actually another great way to be
involved in um
to get it to basically uh
get people to pay attention to you get
people to pay attention to your products
right and and these don't have to be a
direct one to one where it's like hey
read this go buy my thing p you have to
trust that people will look into you
if you create and do these things how
about affiliate marketing right and by
affiliate marketing i mean paying
affiliates to market your product
through something like clickbank or
something right
very effective people literally do your
marketing for you people build websites
for you um one of the people that have
used this to an incredible degree is um
although i hate mentioning him you have
to know even like the really shitty
people are great marketers
usually especially unfortunately andrew
tate who's like a notorious um incel who
has been
growing on twitch has um done affiliate
marketing to a great degree he he can
pay people and also encourage his fans
to post clips uh a better example of
this maybe is asmin gold aspen gold is a
person who initially when he was getting
big he was telling everybody create
youtubes of me create clips of this
never took down a video made as many of
those as possible right so even with a
small audience encouraging them to share
is exotic marketing um how about
giveaways giveaways are great uh
particularly through something like
gleam i think um gleam is like a
fantastic service
that um
that's electric powered toothbrushes is
it gleam giveaways
here we go yeah gleam.io
no
[Music]
huh
gleam giveaways
is this website still around
yeah here we go so this is
this is probably it i haven't seen this
in a while but there should be a way to
do giveaways uh you could use a bunch of
different apps i think this one is one
of them and
what you could do is you can just um
set up giveaways through something like
live streaming or something like your
twitter um and give away
different things through it and that's
another example of exotic marketing i
did that a ton when i was um
a broadcaster i did a bunch of league of
legends rp giveaways
and how about like pinterest right so
you could post
boards or images of your expertise
a product or service
for apparel there are entire lines of
apparel businesses that are multi
multi-million dollars that are built off
the back of just pinterest
so
i want to uh challenge you with this
video
and this is called skunk works which is
a google concept
and it's 20 time 80 work we're gonna
explain that so
at a job
at most of google i'm not sure if this
is still the case but i know it was the
case for a long time eighty percent of
what you do is your job
twenty percent of what you do is
experimental and you're not sure
it will work
i challenge you to devote 20 of your
time to exotic marketing of some kind
and figuring out how to go into places
where you wouldn't otherwise normally go
and what you'll find is that a lot of
times you'll fail
but occasionally that 20 of work that
you do will actually be something that
is what pushes the needle on the other
80
so this is actually a concept that um
google has done to a great degree gmail
for example came out of
just somebody doing this on the side
and you still need to do your job and
that's really important so one of the
things that i caution people against
especially newer people is you don't
want to like be in eight areas at once
like okay i'm
well i've had so many people come to me
like devin i'm killing it i'm posting on
instagram i'm posting on twitch i'm
streaming every day i've got a youtube
video going up with three video videos
queued uh and like i'm like this guy's
got two weeks in him and he's in he's
done right then that's it
like like i you you need to focus really
hard
that 80 of what you do should be like
your core platform and then your
experimental should also be deliberate
so when i say experiment i'm like um you
uh i'll tell you actually how i do a
supplement training supplements okay so
i
love supplements and i love health and
fitness
i the way i do supplements is there are
a million different supplements i could
try right everything from freaking milk
thistle to omega-3
what i do is i commit 30 days to a new
supplement without taking anything else
and i take a log of what it does which
is usually nothing it usually fails but
occasionally i find something insane
like recently i found something called
tonkat ali which is like this a
testosterone booster um and an energy
booster and when i take that
consistently in 30 days i saw a
difference in my blood work which almost
almost never happens it's actually crazy
that that actually happened and that ex
that happened because i'm i'm isolating
that variable and i'm saying okay this
is this is how i'm approaching this
and um i'm not conflating it i'm just
i'm understanding that variable and even
if it's nothing
i i
wait until i know it's nothing
and then i move on but if it's something
then i know it's something because i'm
i'm only doing that thing so
when i say like you're gonna do exotic
marketing let's say that you found this
part of the video on quora really
interesting and that's what you want to
do okay if you want to do quora just do
quora 80 of your job is what you do
normally 20 is quora for 30 days 60 days
whatever set a challenge and and that's
it like right you might be tempted to do
something else you have to realize that
in in our ecosystem in our world right
now professionally and and personally
there are a million different things
that are pushing for your attention
there are a million different good ideas
it is not
pursuing all those good ideas that is
going to make you successful it's trying
one deal one idea one by one by one by
one by one until you find something that
works and staying consistent with that
and committing to it and then focusing
and leveraging the ones that give you
the extraordinary results the best
people in the world go look at any
professional that's doing anything they
aren't doing 20 things right nobody is
on 30 different platforms if they are
they're syndicating content and it's and
it's it's dog [ __ ] and there's it's the
same thing everywhere
the people that are are succeeding in
their products or services their
businesses are people that are focusing
on one or two or three things at maximum
and the only three things because they
they scaled one thing and most people
that find success find success through
one thing and then diversify to two or
three or four things so diversification
and
expansion of marketing to cover as many
areas at once is a common meme right now
i feel like it's something that a lot of
marketers are talking about and i think
it's wrong i think that what you need to
do is you need to focus on the things
that the one thing or the two things
that scale
abnormal results and exotic marketing is
a good thought process to help you try
to find that right because um
way too often i think one of the
problems that people have is they like
try to over focus on too many different
areas and then they say okay um
nothing's working or i'm doing too much
i'm working all the time well if you
just focus on your core competencies the
thing you know you want to do and then
you try different things to supplement
that core competency and build it you'll
find uh you'll find soon enough
something that actually produces results
and produces leverage for you and i i'm
encouraging you to think in this
framework and and get out of that like
over hype overworking concept of like
i'm doing too many things because exotic
marketing what you should be looking for
is you should be looking for things that
will uh are called force multipliers the
things that push the everything upward
by
with a lower amount of effort right so
working smarter not harder quite
literally where you're putting in um
less time but you're getting abnormal
results you should always be comparing
you should always be doing that cost
benefit if you are looking at something
like making youtube videos and you've
made 200 youtube videos and you don't
have any traction then your cost versus
benefit analysis is off you're not doing
that analysis if you look at um if you
go on to quora and you realize this all
of a sudden you got a thousand new
visitors
um and and then like it's weird like a
lot of people are like oh well i could
only get like 100 or 200 people doing
that and they don't realize that like
their current user base is like seven
people right so like 100 to 200 people
literally designates a a a 15x 20x
increase in your total user base that's
incredible right a lot of people would
want that first hop um and that one is
greater than zero concept so it's just
thinking
like just because
um you have to like eliminate as as many
of these um
these fake concepts this traditional
marketing concepts as you can
so many people get stuck in these and
this is kind of why i love marketing is
because marketing is like is very much
like zen which i also love it's the
process of just cutting out and
eliminating as many of these sort of
weird concepts that we've been built to
think about so another like this weird
concept we've been built to think about
is that they're we need to go where the
enormous audience is okay there's
there's 2.1 billion users on this
platform tick tock okay i have to go to
tik tok because that's where i get the
users well what if there is 5 000 users
on another platform but every one of
those users will pay you and and and
you'll have a converse rate off of them
of 100
you should always choose the 5000
platform but i can actually present that
problem to a lot of people and they'll
choose tik-tok say okay you can expose
yourself to two billion people or you
can get five thousand paying users what
would you do right a lot of companies
will actually be like i've exposed
myself to 2.1 billion people think of
the conversion rate okay but if nobody
cares about your product it doesn't
matter so 5 000 pain guaranteed
customers always going to be better and
if you start thinking like this you're
going to think in the proper way that
i'm talking about with exotic marketing
you're going to think about okay i can
actually target smaller audiences that
are more focused and that are more
driven i can uh post three times on
reddit and i might do better than
literally six months of live streaming
right i can post 10 times on quora and i
might do better than six months of
trying to sell my product i can post
five times on um i could write a google
ad and i might do better with my service
than i ever did before just like hanging
up signs right i could do a pinterest
board see what i'm saying so this is the
kind of concept that you need to think
about with exotic marketing so hopefully
you like this let me know what you think
and thank you for listening and as
always just hope this provides value to
you that's what we're after thank you
see you again next time bye
