hello today we're going to go over some
of the daily templates that i use to
keep track of things um to optimize
success and i have been
writing
a lot for years and years and years and
found that writing is probably the
number one thing that kind of keeps me
in order and has uh
contributed a lot to like uh getting to
my goals so i wanted to share some of
the stuff because i've got about maybe
three of these templates to show and
they have all kinds of different
objectives there's a there's a content
one in here but then there's two for
like daily life and business and sort of
thing and so you can kind of pick and
choose this is years and years of
optimizing and writing these uh down and
everything we'll take a look so let's
start with um the
template that i used to use
here it is um the weekly show note
template so this was back when i was
live broadcasting but not too long ago
so a few months ago the first one that i
post down here is what is my commitment
for this week so when i say what is my
commitment for this week that is like a
singular objective that i'm usually
focused on maybe it's like fixing a
sleep schedule maybe it's it's just the
number one like what is the number one
impact point of something that you can
do maybe it's like revamping a system of
yours or something like that um the
number one thing you can do that is
going to
improve you uh as a person or your
business or whatever you're focused on
it's really important right there uh
just so you keep that in mind so what
you do is you just use create this
and then i use evernote as a service
which is great and kind of organize all
my files and everything uh list of
gaming news sources so this is just all
of the
news sources that i can find because i
and i think this is important because if
you're
a business owner an entrepreneur you
want to keep track of
any of the resources that kind of keep
you in the know of what's going on so
previously i used like social media for
this and i found that like i was getting
a lot of unhappiness in addition to
getting my news so you can go to twitter
and you can get a lot of news about
what's going on or like reddit or
livestream fail but then i can also go
to these websites get a much more
objective opinion and i can get like a
much better read on like what the
industry is doing and what's happening
so changing the way that you get your
news sources and how you inform yourself
is actually like really an underrated
way of um improving yourself a lot a lot
of people i think they use a lot of
really shitty news sources like um if
you go watch streams for a couple of
hours to find out what's happening on
twitch that's a really shitty use of
your time right um same with like
youtube or things like that but if
you're using sources that where you can
figure this stuff out um and then
particularly get other value from it as
well uh this is great so this is
something i just updated kind of
constantly
um these are people that i check out to
be inspired or to be
um knowledgeable on the industry so
these are people like graham stefan from
financial stuff news or esports stuff uh
this list kind of like has gotten longer
but i actually tr the reason why this
list isn't longer is because i actually
transitioned this list over to bookmarks
and i am now looking at bookmarks for
people that i um
i i'm inspired by so i have like and
i'll just show that real quick since um
here ignore the uh
the path of exile thing because it
doesn't matter so the i have a content
inspiration tab so this is for meta
content and i'll have just like people
on here gaming industry uh business
marketing right finance et cetera so
i'll have people that inspire me um to
just kind of like go through their
youtube videos and check particularly if
you're a content creator this is very
useful to have like 40 or 50 literally
40 or 50 different
youtubers or reddits or things that you
can get inspired by that sort of direct
you towards that thing this is jeremy
curios that taught me that so i do that
now that's why this list is shorter okay
so
going down into the templates the top
priority is uh colored and this is just
uh already bulb pointed out for me this
is the number one thing that i need to
accomplish and this is the really
important question like one of the most
important questions you can ask yourself
what is the number one thing i need to
do in my life to advance my life forward
what what does that need to be um and
then answering that question and putting
that there could be personal could be
relationship could be business could be
anything but asking yourself that
question every week and then putting
that as a commitment overall and then
putting it as a and putting the
subsections as top priorities super
super important so usually how i'll
write something out like this is i'll
write out what it is and then i'll write
out the bullet points of how to complete
it in easy steps so if i need to break
something down into microsteps you don't
want to like you don't want to put on
here like solve world hunger right you
might um want to put in there like make
lunch today right and it's going to be a
sandwich so buy this bread right and you
want to break down all of your
objectives into microsteps so they don't
just become like list items
company related projects this will be
anything that i need to do at novo um i
so keep in mind i have two jobs right
i'm a content creator as well as uh an
an owner at novo so i have to kind of
split out both those responsibilities so
company related projects and
broadcasters this is just stuff i have
to do for streamers because i manage a
lot of broadcasters so there's a section
for them
personal projects things that i
want to um
do these are things like tai chi or
meditation or visiting zen center it's
always good to have one or two of these
at any given time if you don't have one
of them um you should always have like a
hobby you're pursuing or some kind of
self-improvement objective reading books
is a great one so maybe reading 10 pages
of a book could go on here content ideas
is pretty obvious um this is actually a
really
early version of this that that is now
improved in my next daily template i'll
show you
so um then i'll have i'll have daily
ones so this is what is the most
important thing i need to do today
either nova or personal so this is just
a smaller version of the weekly so what
do i need to accomplish today uh ideally
that leads to that weekly uh that weekly
objective
what is the youtube theme video for
today so like what do i want to create
basically uh since i had a live stream i
would think about topics and then these
are like little things to keep in mind
and then learning and review so i would
go back at the end of the day and i
would write this in and i would try to
figure out like what i needed to learn
from that day or what i took away from
it and what's cool about this is that as
you know that these questions are coming
up your brain kind of pre-locks them in
and then you'll start to learn and
review things and be like oh that'll be
really good for that later and so um
this will be the kind of template that i
used to use that i just dropped links
into or i would um
update uh every day
and uh i would go through monday tuesday
wednesday with the same template right
thursday friday um and then i i don't
typically do things on saturdays and
sundays in this business so i don't
write um i i don't include those days
but yeah this is what i was using for a
super long time um it's a it's a really
great template especially for content
creation uh but also if you have other
things going on in your life and just
like a good kind of thing to keep your
your sort of
personal life business life and content
life
in the same place
but i have since simplified it
and now i'm going to go over
that
um
into a daily notes template which i will
share with you now
so daily this template is um i think
it's important to bring up the previous
template so you know
what
uh i'm referring to
in some of these so list of to-do's
starting with the most top priority
items i'll list here
i will always do these templates at the
very beginning of the day in the morning
before i do anything i'll write these
out this is just to remind me of
upcoming meetings or things that i might
need to do what did i accomplish today
is sort of a review
again i kept that review section from
the previous one these are content ideas
for the main youtube channel and content
ideas for the patreon um and then what's
tomorrow is just uh a sort of like
what's on deck for the next uh
like like the next um
day and then jasmine um because this is
important enough to have its own section
that's of course my um my dear
girlfriend and uh i make a list of
things either to do for her or just like
in mine with her they might involve like
like a date idea or things like that i
just try to keep that that alive so i
can
uh provide value in that relationship so
uh then spiritual thoughts which is just
a sort of um like mind dump of like
things that i'm thinking about or
um meditation insights book insights
that i might write um i might put an
interesting or thoughtful link there or
a motivational thing um and then this
section down below it just becomes like
a raw dump every day of like the notes
that i'm taking and this is a better
system for me it's simpler um i i
kind of get lost in the weekly templates
and they become overwhelming after like
day like four or five so keeping to a
daily template that's like really simple
has been much better for me
and then the third and final template
i'll show for you is um what i do for
youtube videos
just because i think it's cool um i
learned these from
a professional speaker in the youtube
world
and
uh
so this is just like a quick one for you
content creators out there there might
be some value from other people but your
question is going to be like what
question is your video answering your
attention getting device means or agd is
a marketing term which means uh at the
very first part of the video what is the
thing that's going to get people's
attention that makes them keep watching
so you might say something like um hey
i'm devin nash i'm about to show you the
number one technique to grow your
broadcast and this is something that
very few people talk about but i've
never seen another video before so stay
tuned that's what we're gonna talk about
today right that's an attention getting
device a significant statement is a
follow-up to an attention-getting device
which is um why it matters right so a
significant statement is like after we
said something like that it's like you
know a lot of people don't know how to
grow their streams they're sitting at 10
to 20 viewers and this is actually how
to teach you how to get to a thousand
viewers right i'm just using that
example could be anything like how to
make a million dollars right but it
needs to sit with some kind of
significance
then for storytelling
this is a traditional public speaking
structure where you have three main
points and three sub points to those
main points so main point number one
might be post youtube videos point
number one these kind of content things
like that right uh you don't need to do
all three
and but you can do like i i find like a
one like one point or two points with
six sub points is like typically gonna
get you to like an eight to twelve
minute video and then like three like
three points is gonna get you to like 15
to 20 minutes if you're if you're me and
like you don't script your videos you
just kind of talk because i have um
i i have a i have a lot of focus on like
creating
or doing stuff on my business side so i
don't like really focus on my content
side as much then you just talk forever
right um and maybe i have four or five
points that i've written down anything
that i want to get through that i just
think is important and then a recap the
recap is just to go back and cover
something that you covered before cover
your significant statement or cover the
main points once again so like hey
that's like here's number one two and
three
so i think those are the templates that
i use right now um a couple of just like
overarching themes
i actually underestimated before i did
this video i didn't realize like how
important this one was
i think it's really really important to
put your top priority down every day and
to if because you should have something
in your life where you say if i
accomplish this thing in this day i have
succeeded that that day is a success and
that thing that you accomplish should be
proportional to the level of success
that you perceive yourself to have so if
you're
a baller that's like making 50 000 a day
and you're on some crazy business thing
then like your priorities can be greater
but for a lot of people and for me for
many many years
um me just like having a very small w in
in the form of like some kind of fitness
routine or reading 10 pages of a book
as long as i i would encourage you to
set your standards pretty low for what
you consider an accomplished day to be
it shouldn't be like eating perfectly
working eight hours straight these
should be really achievable goals
because what happens is if you set
yourself up to
um have unachievable goals and you
repeatedly don't reach them especially
on a day-to-day basis you will start to
get really demoralized and
versus your you don't need to have
incredibly successful like 12 hours work
days um to be a very successful person i
i think one of the most annoying
archetypes of entrepreneur that i have
ever run into that i i've just
frequently run into is these people that
like they say yeah man like i'm hustling
i'm working 10 hours a day i'm working
12 hours a day and then like i go check
on their business and i go like look at
like what they're actually producing and
they're just doing dog right
they're just not producing anything
nothing's coming out of it like they're
like a content creator that says they're
working 10 hours a day and they've got
like three viewers on twitch and like
you know two youtube videos like
obviously they're not doing that i think
um it's easy to trap yourself in that
and a lot of the people that i see
trapped in that are people that have
these like huge overarching visions this
sort of delusion and delusion is the
right word of that that they are
focusing on things that matter and their
attention is like everywhere but in
reality if you actually like break down
their time block by block they're like
watching youtube videos they're screwing
around they're talking to people they're
not actually producing things of value
or they exist in the real world it's one
of the things that i talk about like all
the time is like you need to produce
things that actually exist like this
video exists it's a thing that you can
consume it's a it's it's a thing of
value that physically exists it's not me
sitting in a chair thinking about
something right that doesn't produce any
results you really want to try to limit
that time and i think one of the big
ways you do that is you set your top
priorities to be realistic it's like
okay if i just produce a script that
exists in the world today and i'm a
content creator like i've succeeded if i
just produce an sop go look back at my
last patreon video about that
that is about our sales system or i
produce the
interview that needs or i i i do the
call that needs to happen to interview
three or four people for a position i'm
hiring for like whatever that top
priority is that is a tangible result in
the world that you can check mark and
quantify that should be your top
priority and it should be fairly simple
to accomplish it shouldn't take you
longer than an hour do not put anything
on this list that's like um work eight
hours today like like very few people
like so all of the
stuff that i accomplished which is like
two like a patreon a youtube novo i
probably accomplished that in less than
four hours a day the rest of it is like
meetings
um
you know bsing this is stuff like that
like like if you do four hours of real
actual work per day
you you you should be an executive level
person like that's that's pretty
realistic um
and i think that's fine so um could i do
more sure but i don't really sweat it
like that right so top rod is like super
super important i also want to highlight
uh personal projects i think that's
really important i think like having
hobbies or fitness goals or nutrition
goals or things like that which is
typically where this lays is like really
important and it is is often where i end
up with ideas like these um
having weekly commitments that lead to
like a monthly goal is really good so
you can kind of see yourself progress
and then just the sort of overall
process of note-taking is something i
can't recommend enough if you have a lot
of anxiety note taking was a way for me
to almost totally eliminate anxiety by
putting things on paper and then knowing
that that thing was on paper so i could
leave it alone that's super important um
being able to
being able to sort of just remove
something from your mind is like really
powerful so i keep a book by me in my
bed and i also like will write down
something that um i thought of or that i
need to do it's like why you see a lot
of sections for like random thoughts or
things like that like i just want to be
able to dump all of that stuff onto a
page um so and if i'm really nervous
about it i will like do a whole work
back on that issue so like for example
many many times in the past i've done
work backs on my sleep issue where like
if i'm waking up too late i'll work back
and try to figure out step by step like
how to fix that problem i've done that
for nutrition i've done that for fitness
i've done that for certain problems i've
had in my business like um if one of my
teams is underperforming or i'm trying
to hire for something or i have to solve
something yet
like compartmentalizing problems is
really important in this way so um i
encourage everybody to do at least like
a weekly or like template where you just
sort of set your goals for it but try
the daily templates um i will
find a way to link all of these in the
video somehow so you can use them or
benefit from them but overall hope that
was helpful and uh thank you for
continuing to support the patreon and
everything um it's been amazing this is
really crazy more stuff coming so thank
you guys bye-bye
