okay hello so this is a message directly
to patreon it's kind of a meta thing um
i was like so obsessed with like making
videos that are valuable on the patreon
that i don't know why i didn't just make
a video that talks directly to people
yet so that's what this is
so this is not one of the like super
uh value driven ones um but it's just
like an update for people that are uh
following this and uh and that sort of
thing and like what what's coming that
kind of thing so first of all i um i've
been insanely
uh moved by like what the patreon is
like as of now we have almost 250 people
that have decided to like to pay some
measure uh to be here to support what
i've been doing and that's insane um
it's like it's totally unbelievable i
expected this to be like maybe 15 or 20
people that wanted to actually support
this and
what's really crazy is that there's
there's not just a lot of people that
are supporting it like the five dollars
just to get the videos but also like
people that are supporting 15 and 25
dollars um because they just believe
that much of the content even though i
think what we're providing at tier two
and three right now are is not like
completely up to the level that i'd want
to be which is what some because some of
what i'm talking about right what i'm
going to talk about today
and that's like so surprising like it's
awesome that people want to do this so
what patreon became for me over the
course we've been up for like a little
bit less than a month right now and what
it became for me was like actually a
great outlet
to post videos that i feel like i could
never post to youtube because i have so
much
performance anxiety around um
the idea
of like
i guess performing society is kind of a
weird word
i have a lot of like doubt around like
posting certain things like deep
marketing talks about like funnels and
stuff on like the youtube channel like i
don't think it'll do well you know maybe
um
like like it'll be like it won't like
appeal to an audience like that's really
great but like the information on it is
like so valuable i've always wanted to
have a place where i created stuff that
was like really deep value for
entrepreneurs and like creators and
people that are interested in this stuff
business owners things like that and i
never had like a a place for that and
all of a sudden i felt super comfortable
just like posting whatever like my
thoughts on patreon and it became like
this great source over the last month of
me to be able to do that and i wanted to
make tons of videos for it and i
actually have so many more ideas for
videos
and that's great and i always want those
videos to be available at the five
dollar tier where like you know you just
this for the same price of a twitch sub
you you opt in and you get constant
updating videos that are just about
very deep dive business stuff that i
learn or that i pick up or that i think
about or that people ask me
but i also want um
at the tier two and two and three for
the next like month or two that's what
i'm gonna be most focused on so what i
just opened up for tier two and three is
the notepad channel it's basically like
every
note that i have ever made from any kind
of like video or like notes that i take
myself and it's just kind of like a
library of information
that um might be valuable to people
about business and like little like
scratch notes in no particular format
and the next thing that is coming is
going to be a newsletter so i'm working
with our research team and uh what we're
doing is we're setting up so that like
every week so this is actually going to
be like a bio weekly or monthly
newsletter but it it might actually be
bi-weekly now it might actually be like
every two weeks or maybe even sooner
because what we're doing is we're
putting together the top industry issues
basically like what's going on and then
i'm going to write like some of the
implications of those issues and some of
the things that like people should pay
attention to so the newsletter will
provide value in two ways one it will be
a kind of like one-stop shop for you to
get like what are the biggest things
going on in the marketing industry in
the agency world and in these in the
content creation world but number two
it'll also be like my individual
commentary on that and what i think and
maybe some bullet points of like cool
stuff that i've found and this marketing
like this letter will like evolve over
time um the just the objective is to
provide value to people um there's not
really particularly any interest in like
selling stuff through it or anything
like that i just want to make sure it's
valuable and i'm open to any ideas in
the comments or something people want so
that's kind of the um the next plan is
to get that newsletter going and i think
that really locks in the 15 and 25 tiers
as like really valuable places to be
and then um for the mastermind chat in
the long term what i really want to do
is i want to bring in
mentor roles uh we already have the role
set up and discord for this but these
are people that i would probably use the
patreon money partially to pay uh to be
like involved in the chat bring up
issues bring like uh uh just like get
involved in it on some level and uh be a
part of that that would be super duper
cool to um
to do and i i would really like to like
add more value to the mastermind people
there um and then the third thing that
i'm going to be doing um is i'm going to
be doing q and a section i'm going to do
q a's live live streams probably on
youtube
for patreon members
and in the tier 2 and 3 range and just
answer questions directly about what
they might have and then those videos
might get posted to patreon like a few
weeks later for everybody um
or maybe not maybe i'll just leave that
as like a
sort of like off the cuff like just for
15 25 tier people and i think that'll
provide a lot of value so those are kind
of the things that i'm looking at that
um because i i really am passionate like
there's a lot of people that like some
people like
like or what i'm being told it's like
you just support me just because like i
make youtube videos you'd pay
you pay just be like 15 bucks a month
just because i make youtube videos even
25 dollars and this [ __ ] there's the
believers here right there's people in
the hundred dollars here that those
people are amazing to me right that they
just like they
that's that's not a tier i can provide
value at at that level although um one
thing i'm thinking of doing for the
hundred dollars here is um if you
subscribe to the 100 tier for six months
i will do a free phone call like because
my consulting is 500 an hour so it sort
of like pays itself back in that way um
with a little but but just in general
the weber tier was set up for people
that like really want to support it and
and uh and can support it and man i was
really surprised like there's some
people that actually want to support at
that level and that is awesome like
thank you so much for wanting to do that
it's unbelievable it really is and um it
really really is like oh my god i've
tried to send every one of you that's
that's been on the believers here a
message and please feel free to message
me anything you want if there's some way
i can provide value to you like you know
you can rest me through patreon or um
directly and and that's like totally
fine i'd love to hear from you
uh so i'm still trying to provide value
at those tiers but
my understanding is there's a lot of
people who just want to support this
because they just agree with what i'm
putting on youtube which is and just
kind of what we're doing which is
awesome like thank you so much for doing
that um as for like the main youtube
channel i i really want to move more
towards doing stuff in the business and
marketing space so i'm releasing a video
tomorrow that's like um uh one of the
i've already posted on patreon so you
guys can see it but it's uh like best
marketing it's just like like i thought
about marketing strategies and stuff
like that i want to post that up and i
want to do more stuff like that more
stuff about like finance like i think
the most important video we made this
month was like questions that
millionaires ask themselves i think
that's like a super important video and
if you haven't seen it on youtube it's a
video about like how to ask the right
questions to take yourself to the next
level super super important video i want
to do more stuff like that it's not as
popular viewership wise as like the
stuff that i release about the twitch
meta or content creation or things like
that um but i think it's far more
valuable because content creator is
really like there's enough
in my repertoire i think at this point
um that besides like the immediate
issues that come up for content creators
and there's probably still stuff we
haven't covered um generally speaking
like at this point content creators just
need to like put in the work and they
know to like uh syndicate via youtube
and there there's like more youtube
education we could do there um maybe
more collabs we could do with people
like jeremy curios right like like like
one of my just like great greatest
friends like just like um doing some
like more stuff about youtube growth in
this current meta and to some extent the
last video we just made covers that but
um there's there's like some great value
to add there but for now yeah i mean i
guess above all and and kind of finally
the
the thing i i most want to express is
gratitude because the
the sheer amount of support that that's
come out of the patreon and the
potential it has is is really crazy and
it can lead to some very neat things and
i'm so grateful that so many people um
are willing to support
unconditionally and and i hope that the
videos that i've created and just kind
of the extra things that i'm adding um
knowing that most of you would just pay
for this because you just believe in the
youtube channel i hope that the other
stuff that we're doing here is worth it
um because i always want to you know um
make it worth it for you but i hope you
know that i'm really grateful and uh
i just i just really really appreciate
this opportunity to create for you so
thank you um if you need anything i'm
around um pop by master mastermind chat
ask me questions say hello um or just uh
send me a message on patreon okay thank
you so much all right more more stuff
soon bye
