hey so there have been a ton of talk
about Twitter and what is going to
happen in Twitter Elon buying Twitter
I'm going to make a more formal YouTube
video about this but this is just going
to be my collected thoughts about like
what's going on in the marketing world
for that reason I'm putting it on
patreon so that everybody can kind of
get informed but it's going to be less
organized than all the work I have to do
for a normally a video so
um Twitter getting bought by Elon
basically means that uh Elon is taking
the company private I think everybody
knows that so I'm going to just like
talk about what is going on in the
agency world and like what I think the
future of Twitter is particularly for
Content creators but also for businesses
people that are looking into Twitter as
a social platform
um in short I'm not worried I I think
it's totally fine
um I think that there's a ton of
misunderstanding about like what Elon is
actually trying to do I'm not like so
this is coming from a person who's like
not was not historically a fan of Tesla
that people remember until they really
started turning around initially I was
really concerned
um that's not the case with Twitter what
I'm seeing from Elon is like pretty
positive so uh I'm gonna kind of like go
through some of the main points and then
I'm gonna put a lot of notes both in
these show notes Here in the actual
patreon post but also in the tier 2
newsletter that you get which has like a
lot of like reading information
um so you can get some actual facts
about like what's going on because
there's just like a lot of uh
misinformation I think the start of it
really is here that this is kind of the
main place where where we should focus
right now which is um
like what Elon is actually saying and
and what he's gonna do the so there's
going to be two major changes to Twitter
uh right now and that's gonna the first
one is gonna mostly address content
creation and and the verification system
uh Twitter's current Lord's embedded
system for who doesn't have a blue check
mark is [ __ ] blue for eight dollars
a month you get priority and replies
mentions in search which is essential to
feed spam and scam ability to post long
video and audio and half as many ads and
bypass payments for Publishers willing
to work with us this will give us a
Twitter uh Twitter a revenue stream to
reward content creators and there will
also be a secondary tag below the name
for someone who is a public figure which
is already a case for for politicians
okay so um a lot of people are saying
what the hell I have to pay for Twitter
no way I'll do this
um I'm Gonna Leave the platform blah
blah blah every single person that says
that is 100 gonna pay eight dollars a
month including me and eight dollars a
month is a super reasonable price to pay
um for you getting put up in priority uh
in search priority the the second part
of this that a lot of people are missing
and priority and replies mentions and
search is insane so that's worth eight
dollars right there for Content creators
you immediately put yourself above like
99 of the Twitter population just by
paying eight dollars a month that's a
better offer
um for Content creators than literally
any other platform right now there
there's no other platform that gives you
that kind of ability to pay for an
increase in search without buying ads
this is super super powerful plot
everybody should pay eight dollars a
month to have that verification uh
that's super obvious it's also
um if you're running a business on
Twitter which a ton of people are like
I've seen these guys you know these guys
that are posting these long Twitter
threads not me
um but these people that are posting
these long Twitter threads where they're
like five tips to becoming the best
version of yourself step one sit down
close your right These Guys these guys
are the ones saying like I'm Gonna Leave
Twitter like bro your entire
monetization strategy is getting people
to follow your Twitter account and
subscribe to your newsletter 100 these
people will be buying this this is like
this is a super easy thing the thing to
remember about Twitter is that there is
no short form competitor right like it's
yeez parlor Rumble these are jokes these
are these are things that are only
followed by extremists and people are
going to say well what about elon's um
content policy like is he going to
um move towards like hateful conduct and
this was covered recently in Politico
where uh top firm advises pausing
Twitter ads after a bus takeover ipg's
media brands are major it's one of
basically there's four major uh agencies
that run a bunch of ads and there's like
a lot of weenie agencies like us and uh
you gotta look into like okay what are
those guys doing
um this is extremely normal like like uh
we did this as well our agency also told
a bunch of people to to pause ads on
Twitter this is not because as this
article suggests that there's like
hateful conduct or Elon Musk is like uh
tweeting like false stories or whatever
which is true but right like he's
tweeting uh kind of questionable stories
but the way this article frames this
analysts have seen a surge in hate
misinformation since he took over 500
increase in racial slurs this is a
really important thing for you as an
informed person to know that this is a
um this is sort of a psyop that like
what happened when Elon took over
Twitter and Elon said this should be a
free platform is that all of the people
who were already on Twitter took that as
permission to start posting the n-word
and and being racist but we need to look
at what actually happened and to do that
you just have to follow the uh head of
contents policy and policy here since
Saturday this this guy right here just
let me identify him real quick head of
safety and integrity at Twitter okay
um since Saturday we've been focused on
addressing the certain hateful conduct
we've made measurable progress removing
more than 1500 accounts for reducing
Impressions on this content to nearly
zero here's the latest on our work and I
will link This Thread but you can look
through the graphs you can see that that
not only have they been able to ban
these accounts but impressively they've
been able to actually reduce their
volume in search which is a feature that
very few platforms could compete with
and this was all done by the way under
elon's new leadership with his support
because he actually responded to this
thread and said this is what we're
working on doing so do not be um do not
be do not be misled by people that are
telling you that Twitter is going to be
a more hateful platform there is no
evidence of that being the case
um it seems to me that Elon wants to
create a more
um open platform that uh allows for more
discussion from both the right or and
the left you uh I I don't I hate getting
political I just want to put that this
disclaimer here even for patreon people
I'm a marketer left and right I don't
care okay straight up and down what
[ __ ] sells what gets attention that's
my interest so I'm not speaking from the
right I'm not speaking from the left I
really think like that too so I don't
have like some hidden agenda or whatever
Twitter has historically been a
progressive left platform the voices on
the right get silenced there and so when
so Elon being a that is what Elon is
referring to is that he will probably
bring more political opinions from the
right over to to Twitter
um but I don't think the implications of
that are necessarily more hate speech
because I think that those trust and
safety guidelines are are being enforced
and if you look at the people that Elon
has been focusing on retaining in the
company the people that got out
immediately were people that had a very
different Vision under Jack Dorsey of
how Twitter should be so the Jazz so for
Jack Dorsey and Prague was the CEO of
Twitter Jack Dorsey was um the founder
they didn't have a vision for an open
Town Square platform that's not to say
that it was like a
um
like an oppressed or or like 19 or
orwellian like kind of platform it
wasn't right but certainly Twitter's
policy
um
allowed them to ban people that they
felt were harmful to public discourse
but were not necessarily hateful okay
and and so they made some pretty high
profile bands along those lines and what
Elon is saying is that unless those
people are promoting true hate or damage
as evaluated by an independent content
board I need to find that link but that
was posted by Elon and in fact let's see
if I can find that uh Elon Musk Twitter
independent board
um
independent content board
this is why
uh
here we go
Twitter to create new Council before
major content decisions
um
musk on Thursday completed this which
says a group that focused on concept
moderation independent oversight of
content moderation has a vital role to
play in building trusts and platforms on
interest rate is treated fairly so this
is absolutely the best way to approach
this situation and the most rational you
have an independent content board that's
full of different kinds of experts from
from every side of the political sphere
and you evaluate if these are actually
doing social damage and discourse that
is not what Twitter did Twitter had a
very wild west system under Dorsey and
under Prague they were it was basically
similar to how twitch Works where you
have a kind of an individualized trust
and safety team nameless shadows in the
background that kind of make decisions
on who lives and who dies so I actually
think that the hateful conduct thing
gets better under Elon and and to be
completely honest I I don't know what
gets worse
um the only real problem is is the
monetization of Twitter
uh like just the the debt debt burden
and I'm gonna link a thread uh this is
absolutely the best resource on this to
understand kind of what's going on here
but the short of it is that um Twitter
has taken on a lot of debt with this
acquisition
and and moving private
um and that debt kind of like uh so so
Elon himself put it in like 16 billion
um he himself now has like 20 billion
including the debt that he bought in the
9.3 acquisition before okay so
um
he now has nearly 20 billion dollars in
debt 6 billion in cash and 5 billion in
Revenue which are already being slowed
by the recession and AD spending true uh
interest burden will become a part of
the Lexicon and the hollowed Halls of
Twitter the debt financing the deal is
not like uh price and earnings debt
where the PE crowd often brings its own
high yield debt to the party this debt
is hypothecated by Twitter not
guaranteed by Elon Bankers will surely
demand not only their interest but their
money back at a point this is a short
Leash from a start the new Twitter
begins private life with a debt of 2.57
times Revenue not 2.7 times ebitda which
to some at a multiple of ebitda is on
the high side so what is he saying here
he's basically saying that Twitter has a
lot of debt to get to to
um to go through and New York Times had
a similar articles and there's a bunch
of uh Twitter has a revenue problem Elon
thinks that he can fix it by charging
eight dollars to verified accounts I
don't think he can fix it by charging
eight dollars to verified accounts I
don't think that's enough of a revenue
stream
to just that will actually make up that
kind of money
now that said
I do think
through a combination of ads
and a combination of subscriptions
there may be a way to to put Twitter to
a um a reasonable run rate I think the
play that Elon is going to do though is
he's going to use elon's a marketer at
his heart I think and and I think that
what he's going to do is he's going to
IPO as soon as possible again and then
he's going to create a ton of hype
around that IPO and then he's going to
try to clear Twitter's debt out
hopefully if that IPO hits above you
know 50 a share or 54 a share or
whatever and then he's going to quite
acquire that that way through public
he's probably gonna so basically he's
gonna monetize you the public buying the
shares to pay off that debt mainly and
then I think that these subscriptions
and the ads are secondary to that goal
um to try to run an ongoing platform I
also don't think though that that Elon
is particularly interested in running a
highly profitable company
um that's number one and number two I
think that
um
Elon has been in bad debt situations
before in fact he's been in a lot
and his
um he got Tesla through a situation that
absolutely nobody thought including me
he could get through to a highly
profitable company that is in is
extremely Diversified in an unbelievably
competitive market
um which is cars
and Elon was able to
um basically beat all the odds there
here at Twitter you don't have that kind
of competition there's really no one
that is going to own short form and the
reason for that is that historically
people have just been too afraid
to to attack Twitter competitively very
similar to how people are afraid to
attack something like Discord
um or slack because these platforms are
notoriously difficult to monetize in
Slack's case you can do like a monthly
type of thing where you can like and
slack basically positioned itself
correctly as a business app but in in
Twitter's case Twitter's effectively
never been profitable
even under Dorsey or barely profitable
and the ability to monetize it is just
difficult like the price per ad is not
competitive with video so Twitter
started trying to do video but video
doesn't work as seamlessly as it does on
YouTube and like you know everything in
advertising just comes back this you
just can't beat Google right like you
just can't like there's no nothing beats
YouTube as an ad delivery system and a
Content delivery system
so Twitter is going to have a problem
making people pay for ads still that's
like I don't think the cpms go up for
Twitter
um under Elon for any reason
I don't think the ads cost more and by
extension ads are more I think that the
opportunities for Content creators to
create content on Twitter do go up which
means that the advertisers might be more
interested in advertising there so maybe
the fill rates are a little bit higher
uh once this stuff kind of clears around
the the content misunderstandings
and to be clear the agencies that are
pausing the advertising on Twitter are
doing so because we don't know what's
happening and whenever we don't know
what's happening we tell our Brands hey
chill out you do the same thing on
Twitch do the same thing on YouTube
that's an extremely normal thing to do
um that's a very different thing to do
than like pulling ads for example where
you say Okay
um like get off this platform I'm out
which is what you see happening on
Twitch right now where agencies are
actually saying move your budget away
from twitch the long term here does not
look good and that's a that's a very
different place to be which is why like
when I make videos or make content
around uh twitch I I'm much more worried
about it uh because I I see the brand
activity and the and the advertiser
activity on Twitch is is not is not good
it's it's people pull it out because
they feel like
um twitch is a very bad platform
so Twitter this is just a temporary
pause I mean look if if Elon if I'm
wrong which I I know I'm not but if I'm
if I'm wrong and Elon you know comes out
and says hey like you know we're gonna
allow terrorists and do all kinds of
crazy stuff well then okay
um of course advertisers will eventually
pull but he is just not that stupid he's
just not gonna do that there's just no
way right
um
for Content creators Twitter basically
universally becomes a better platform
it's not going to lose its user base
because that user base has nowhere to go
so don't listen to the people that are
on Twitter that are complaining oh you
want took over the platform I hate Elon
um oh Elon I'm not gonna pay the eight
dollars I'm gone I'm leaving this
platform don't listen to any of those
people every one of those people will
stay
um it's exactly the same as the story
with blizzard games it's exactly the
same with twitch if you don't have a
strong competitor then you're not your
behavior as a consumer doesn't change we
have so much data on this and so we know
that that's not going to happen uh
Twitter Remains the space for
conversations in short form and the
fastest way to get news and as long as
it has that competitive advantage that
people will use it
uh there's no evidence of
any anybody leaving so from a Content
creation standpoint
Elon has been very clear that he will be
both providing paid opportunities
to get in front of people and um from a
marketing standpoint
that feature of Twitter blue you better
I I may go I may personally go harder on
Twitter
uh and I believe that feature is going
to be uh is slated to be out as soon as
the member seventh was the date that
Elon gave internally
I am going to go super hard on Twitter
and fast because the the people that
pick up that verification will be at the
top of the algorithm
and you should be making tweets every
day that will that will build entire
Brands overnight very similar to how
like Tick Tock live at the beginning uh
Instagram live like every platform that
releases something like this there will
be a period of time before people jump
on where the number of people that jump
on versus the users will be proportional
and the scale will be in the favor of
content creators as it is in like
LinkedIn right now so you should pay
very close attention to this if you're a
business or you you stand to benefit
from Twitter
um leaving right now would be a a Fool's
errand he would be absolutely stupid to
do so
the uh the platform has nowhere to go
but up for Content creators
it's unclear what the long long is of
Twitter like
under elon's leadership like how how
crazy does it get
but all evidence
right now
points to Twitter being a more positive
platform
um and while I have some concerns about
the monetization
I don't those concerns are I don't think
that debt is a problem for Elon I think
that he has enough friends I think he
has enough support I think he has enough
public that he can always
find the billions of dollars
and if you look at a lot of the money
and debt within Twitter
a lot of that is going to overpaid
employees you know there was these
articles that said elon's going to cut
75 percent of the staff and then he saw
that that wasn't popular
um
and then he pulled back
I I'm totally in support of cutting 75
of staff at Twitter by the way I I like
I don't see what a platform like this
needs with 5 000 employees that are all
paid 200k a year in San Francisco it
doesn't make any sense and there's gonna
be a lot of people that are angry about
that but that's just like that's the
business reality
um most of these so if you look at the
CEOs of Microsoft you look at you look
at Samar you look at you look at Google
you look at you look at um you get
Microsoft you get Google all of these
people are saying
as the recession is now hitting and the
cash is crunched a bit
Apple set it to we are really
um overpaying a lot of lazy people and
that's absolutely the case at Twitter
it's the case at twitch there's a lot of
people at those places that need to lose
their jobs they're getting paid like 150
200k a year 300K a year and they are
doing literally nothing like they spend
their day like in the corporate kitchen
on the roof with a laptop pretending to
work it's it's pathetic and like none of
those people should have jobs
um I like the people that are are saying
they should are like equal
um uh equality of uh outcome people or
out or opportunity whichever one it is
the people that want everybody to be the
same everybody gets 100K years it's not
like life doesn't work that way
um and so I think that Elon making cuts
at Twitter is is not indicative of its
um it's it's it's long-term or or
short-term Health at all I think that's
universally good pretty much everything
I've seen is good and and the only thing
that I see there is bad is like the
public reaction to it
um okay did I leave out anything let me
check my notes make sure you guys are
like totally informed on what's going on
what's this
business is paying for Twitter
just looking through my links
oh this is the uh
the debt
okay
um I'm gonna provide some resources on
this
uh some of it will have my views oh one
more thing I do want to bring up uh
here's an example of something like
really interesting
so look at uh look at this seniors are
getting the biggest increase in their
Social Security checks and 10 years
through President Biden's leadership
readers added context they thought
people would want to know and then a
rating system this is neat
um and then Elon responds our goal is to
make Twitter the most accurate source of
information on Earth without regards to
political affiliation so there you have
it he kind of just outright said what I
said in the beginning and and I think
this is the major Point uh number one
number two of code like what he wants to
do
this is really great and this could and
so um I I think there's an an ml system
being built on the back of this that
will just get rated
um and most people are are reasonable
and and are going to probably rate
correctly um we've actually seen that
the people might be like that's not true
but like uh actually the evidence for
this is the YouTube content ID system
and so YouTube's Content ID system now
actually works almost entirely off of um
your own manual check when you upload a
video to YouTube you upload a video and
and you you state does this have harmful
content and uh there's a whole there's a
whole list of categories where you can
you can select um if somebody is
offensive and then uh Google runs ml
against that and says is that true
um through a huge process we don't need
to Pro and then occasionally somebody
comes by manually and confirms if it's
true or not now the system relies on the
other end of users reporting that video
and saying this is not harmful and then
channels that rate incorrectly
um they get less trusted and so what
ends up happening is this like so for
someone like me I rate my videos I never
get manual reviews I've never had a
manual review on a video ever and
they're all checked immediately because
I have a high accuracy rating on how i
rate my videos I say these are not these
have this kind of controversy or these
have this kind of don't have any
controversy or whatever and then um the
the nobody reports my videos because my
videos don't have controversy and then
the few manual checks that have ever
been done and years ago were correct I
I'm the I'm a great user okay fine the
exact same system gets employed in this
way at Twitter where uh users rate and
then uh users on the back end report if
it's not true the user accounts that
rate incorrectly become less trusted and
the people that rate correctly and
provide good context become more trusted
and then Society sort of works like this
is kind of crazy thing because we
generally view these platforms as these
um
uh like crazy hateful
um like people getting beheaded just
crazy stuff right but that's but that's
the the vocal minority of people are are
are posting that whereas the majority of
people are lurking around and are good
and and that is that's YouTube and
Google realized that and said okay we
can use this user base to click a button
and verify if they want to see this kind
of stuff or not and what's going to end
up happening is that Twitter actually
probably becomes a much more accurate
source of information like exactly like
you said
um through this system because you might
say well okay this is about President
Biden so what if everybody on the right
rates this badly well that might work
initially as the platform starts to
develop intelligence but as ml gets
better as people raid against it and as
those platforms as those as those
accounts become less trusted because
those aren't the facts then as time goes
on over a period of six months to a year
the accuracy rating of those accounts
goes to zero and they then it stops
mattering that they do that and then and
then the people that rate this stuff
correctly and add good context get
higher and Society just like works out
but like very similar to like
occasionally
um if you like if you look at like the
effect of the extreme people on the left
and right right occasionally on the left
somebody glues their hand to a painting
occasionally on the right somebody goes
on a killing sphere or whatever
um but it doesn't really happen that
often in society like Society stays
together and mostly works because of a
system of like reporting and enforcement
very similar like how it works digitally
right like like the police in this case
though are you and so I I don't worry a
ton about context and fact checking on
Twitter I think it's going to get better
with systems like this
um so overall I'm pretty positive on
Twitter especially as uh a content
creator and I'm historically negative on
everything so um I think that there is
going to be for people that are watching
I think there's going to be a window of
opportunity in the next
uh two weeks maybe maybe two two to
three months depends on how long it
lasts where the algorithm is going to be
way out of whack for verified users and
and if you pay that eight dollars I
would pay it day one and start posting
and you could probably build a business
from zero
um I think it's gonna be exactly the
same as Tick Tock live and then after
people realize it it's going to be a
gold rush and then it's kind of like
whatever
um but there will always be a benefit to
paying you'd be crazy not to spend that
eight dollars like it's just it's such
an obvious
um it's so obvious especially because
Elon thinks like a marketer and for the
first time he has a platform that he can
actually use for marketing whereas like
all of his other ones he would use
Twitter for marketing for Tesla or for
SpaceX but now he owns Twitter so
Twitter itself will obviously start to
be better for Content creators he
understands that incidentally it's how
he's built every business has been
through the public it's how I monetize
Twitter as well
uh for the IPO when we all buy shares
okay so I those are my thoughts on it
right now any questions let me know and
I'll put together a more organized
YouTube video for this
my main Channel but this is like all my
thoughts
uh show notes will be uh in their tube
and then I'll also put them in the
newsletter
for um
tier two subscribers thanks everybody
bye
