so success is often described as simple
but not easy that's how i think about
the process of setting goals a lot of
you might know that setting new year's
resolutions oftentimes doesn't work in
fact only 19 of the people that set new
year's resolutions actually accomplish
them but what that stat doesn't tell you
is that if you just write down your
goals and do nothing else you're twenty
percent more successful than
accomplishing those goals than anybody
else that even tried to didn't do it in
the first place
and people are 10 times more likely to
set up their new year's resolutions than
people that don't even set them at all
that's here in this study here on
success predictors and change processes
and this study uh from gail matthews is
the first thing i mentioned that you
could be 20 more successful
accomplishing goals uh if you just write
them down than people that didn't so
today we're going to talk about that
we're going to talk about how to set
measurable and achievable goals and i
hope this is one of the most important
videos that you watch in this year
because i think that for me setting
long-term macro goals we're gonna be
talking about goals in in terms of a
year out so this is setting goals for a
year and how exactly to do that i have
taken classes on this i've gone through
numerous iterations of doing it every
year myself and i've found that i've
pretty consistently achieved 60 to 80 of
the goals that i set out and i think
that's pretty amazing
so even if i can achieve you know half
of the things that i want to set out in
a year it turns out to be a pretty
amazing year i've consistently been able
to do that over the course of like seven
to eight years and it's really helped my
life and i want to show you exactly how
to do that so let's get right to it and
show you how to do it so a lot of you
might have heard of a concept called
smart goals
and i'm going to just like very briefly
touch on this before i get into like the
specifics because i think it's important
there's a lot of uh
good stuff in this
so specific measurable attainable
realistic and time-bound
so i just want to keep those in mind
they're pretty self-explanatory i don't
want to devote a lot of video time to
that and then we're going to get into
how um kind of an overview of how i
would set goals and then we're going to
talk about more specifically so the
first thing i would consider is i think
you should have tiers of goals this is
going to be the first thing you hear
from me that you probably haven't heard
that often so i think there should be
three tiers of goals okay i think tier
one should be
or we'll call it tier three should be
easily achievable now these are things
that you can probably set up for
yourself that you should reasonably be
able to achieve even if you don't try
too hard and i think these are important
we don't often think about these things
we think about moonshot goals like okay
i want to be like an immortal vampire by
the end of the year or i want to have
two bazillion dollars or i want to like
be the new ceo of amazon right these are
like the moonshot tier of goals but we
don't often think of setting ourselves
goals that are easily achievable and
remember when i i told you that i
achieved like 60 to 80 of my goals in a
year well some of those goals are very
easily achieved like for example if i
have 120 000 subscribers on youtube or
whatever i might set a goal to have 130
000 subscribers super achievable it's
probably gonna happen automatically but
i do it because i want to have different
tiers of goals and expectations that i
can have that will
sort of set me myself up for success if
you're constantly just challenging
yourself to impossible goals that you
could never achieve your mind will kind
of get into a defeatist standpoint i
think it's
good to have a wide range of goals
instead of just like goals that are just
like almost impossible to achieve so
that brings us to tier two which is
um accomplishable with effort
and this should be where the majority of
your goals sit where i think i would say
like greater than 50 of your goals
should be accomplishable with effort
which means that
you would not normally attain these
goals if you did nothing but if you put
focused and disciplined effort towards
these goals they should realistically be
achievable so for example using that
subscribers example that i had before i
might set my goal to 200 000 subscribers
or 300 000 subscribers which i think
should be accomplishable if i put in a
lot of effort maybe upload every day
whatever it kind of takes to do that
because i can look at my passive my past
subscriber numbers when i'm uploading
consistently and i can get a good idea
that with the effort i can achieve that
and then tier one right of course is
going to be moonshot goals so about 10
to 20 of your goals are moonshot goals
which is just like uh i might have 500
000 or a million subscribers i'd have to
like really blow up to do this or um i
might double or triple my net worth
these are things that um
would be very difficult to achieve even
with effort and but are important to
have because they will set your mindset
in a way my favorite quote on this is
reach for the stars and you'll hit the
moon
oftentimes you can set a goal like how
do i 10x my business
and then you're 4x there but if you had
not set that goal you might be like two
not even two x there right you may be
like one x there you might be behind so
sometimes setting moonshot goals
actually often setting moonshot goals
can be a fantastic idea for like getting
further than you could possibly have
imagined just by virtue of like putting
your mind in that framework so this is
sort of the um conceptual ideas of of
how you should set goals and then i just
want to quickly go over just like how to
set goals appropriately there's probably
a kind of a separate talk for this but
the first thing you want to do is you
want to make them um objective so for
example i want to lose weight
uh this is like a terrible goal
at least you kind of have set what you
want to do but i when i'm reviewing like
people's goals we used to have these
challenges when i live streamed where
we would have people review their goal
sheets they would always be stuff like
this like i want to become a better
content creator this is like really bad
right these these are not like objective
goals that we can understand i want to
lose 10 pounds is a much stronger goal
but still bad it's bad because although
you have a number and an objective you
don't carry the components to actually
accomplish this i will lose 10 pounds
in three months
oh my god
that's a cool goal right now you have an
actual time so if we go back to like
smart goals time bound right but i still
think this is a bad goal because it
doesn't tell you how you're going to do
it i uh also i we uh changed it from i
want to i will that little qualifier is
important because i will lose 10 pounds
or stronger than i want to lose 10
pounds way stronger
i will lose 10 pounds in three months
doing an exercise i love every monday
wednesday and friday
at
9 00 a.m pst
to 10 a.m pst
there we go that's a strong goal
i would even specify the exercise so it
could be something like uh rock climbing
at this gym
so now you have an objective measurable
goal with a time-bound restraint that on
exactly when you're going to do it and
you're way more likely to achieve this
goal than you were i want to lose weight
so keep in mind when i go over the
sections which is the next section of
this talk that uh everything that i
mentioned here should be in the context
of this kind of goal setting you will be
amazed at how more often how often you
set goals and you accomplish them when
you have these kind of specifications
these kind of boundaries that you can
train uh you you can you kind of
constrain around them this is sort of
jocko willing's concept of like
discipline creates freedom it's that you
set these these um these constraints and
it's so specific that your mind like
centers in on exactly how to do that
well okay it's monday at 9 a.m i need to
go rock climbing and you'll you'll
achieve that goal right you'll probably
lose a lot more than
10 pounds so
that's actually something to think about
in this goal right so 10 pounds in three
months easily achievable when doing
something like rock climbing depending
on where you're coming from with your
weight so maybe this is just monday and
friday right you're just setting your
goals realistically to achieve okay so
then now that you know like kind of the
overall conceptual idea of how to set
goals i want to get into like where i
would look to specify these goals
particularly like coming into the new
year and what i would do so uh this is
now everything that i'm talking about is
now personal just stuff that i've like
figured out over the course of the years
and like what works and what doesn't i'm
going to give you some sections that you
might want to consider for where you can
focus on your goals and like where to
focus within those sections the first
one is physical
i think your physicality as a human
being affects everything else affects
your mental your spiritual state your
business everything so you want to have
physical goals for sure and there are
some great places to focus i don't like
weight as a physical goal a lot of
people want to think about losing weight
especially especially as new year's
resolutions but weight is actually kind
of a poor qualifier for a lot of reasons
you can be very heavy like you weigh 250
pounds and be like an absolute like a
stardews tank of a person you can you
can weigh 150 pounds and be
completely skinny do you even lift like
you can't even breathe while you walk up
a staircase one of the
weight is kind of a poor qualifier of
overall health because it is very
general and and people can
people's cardiovascular systems or
people's overall health or immunology or
gut for all kinds of different like
factors that
step outside of weight
if you're overweight it can be good to
set a specific goal to lose pounds but i
like body fat percentage a lot matter a
lot better and body fat percentage is
pretty easy to to to um to track you you
can get you can get calipers you can you
can use a dexa scan which is like a 50
to 100 you know to hop into like a
um a hospital every once in a while and
and grab one a little bit harder now
with like the code stuff but the body
fat percentage is great to track so um
it's also a way better indicator of
health like if you have very high body
fat percentage you also probably have a
pretty poor cardiovascular system versus
if you have a very low body fat
percentage most of the time is an
indicator of overall health not always
but usually so body fat percentage i i
like focusing on this um i like focusing
on specific goals around weight training
so for example um can i bench x can i
deadlift x is really great those are
great goals um can i squat x right you'd
want to use a lot of heavy compound
lifts as goal setters as sort of gold
markers rather than um like i want to do
sets of like 25 of this but being able
can i dead lift as a personal record can
i deadlift like
you know two plates is a phenomenal goal
for a year especially if you're already
working towards it and could also be fit
into your existing exercise routines so
i like specific goals around weight
training i also like specific goals
around uh cardio so can you run a
certain amount of miles in a certain
amount of time it's a great objective
goal can you um
complete one high intensity workout can
you do a specific amount of endurance
like uh running a certain distance can
you bike a certain distance these are
these are uh phenomenal goals to have so
these are the kind of physical goals
that i really like um i also like goals
it's gonna be a little bit more of a
weird one but i really like goals around
feeling a certain way
and and you might think that's not
objective but but really setting
yourself up to like like do i feel and
you can do a log of this like do i feel
on a consistent basis like maybe five
out of every seven days of the week that
i'm waking up with like strength and
energy and i i feel like i can go
through most of my day um like one
objective way to measure this is like do
you always get tired in the afternoon or
at lunch and you kind of lose steam
around like two to three to four p.m
like a lot of people do because they
maybe they're just their diets too heavy
in carbohydrates that's the most common
reason or because they just um they're
not managing their energy very well or
the nutrition so can you feel
a certain way you can set goals around
that where you could you like five out
of every seven days like i i do an audit
and i'm like man i feel good i feel good
this morning i feel like i'm i'm
accomplishing things i feel like i'm i'm
powerful that's a really important thing
you know feel good in your own body
setting goals around that super good
okay so the next one i want to set is uh
financial goals
so just like physical financial stuff
can affect your entire life and um i i
want to set some specific goals about
financial stuff and the first thing i
want to set is reporting goals so
reporting goals may not be where you go
immediately when you think about
financial goals but reporting goals are
like do you have a great idea of your
expenses
and income
can you set this up
so
one of the most important things you can
possibly do is like use a service i use
mint.com which i think is just a
phenomenal way to like get bearings on
what my income and my outgoing expenses
are and just understand them there's so
much less stress if i completely
understand my um
my income and expenses i've used a lot
of bookkeepers in the past for this i
i've never come across a service that
can just reliably do this rather than me
just plugging in my accounts to mint and
understanding it myself uh but but that
reporting goals are great just like
understanding exactly where you are and
i would actually have reporting goals if
you haven't done this you should have
reporting goals on your income
understand exactly where it is before
you go on to the goals that we're gonna
have in this section which are things
like um net worth so
i don't just like losing a certain
amount of pounds i also don't like goals
around making a certain amount of money
like income goals i will make this
amount of money at this time the reason
is because
oftentimes the objectives that are
attached to making a lot of money or
income are not necessarily conducive to
like the actual actions that it takes to
get there so i like it i like overall
net worth like let's say that your
overall net worth is 50 000
having a net worth of a hundred thousand
dollars double your net worth right
technically means you have to make 50
000
of income but considering your worth as
an overall thing you consider the total
span of your existence and it like
you're not like planning on getting that
income necessarily just from your job
like okay well now i need to raise fifty
thousand dollars like for my job and
like that's impossible i'm never gonna
get a raise like that but like with
considering it from the standpoint of
net worth there's so many other options
right maybe you can you can you can
invest more maybe you can start a kind
of a side hustle there there's there's
all kinds of ways to sort of answer that
question and remember like as we're
doing these like big overarching goals
we're going to want to make these goals
into objectives where we have really
specific details on how we're going to
do this so if i like network net worth
goals but i also like um i also like
goals around specifics of like
invest
x
y x y z y
dollars right so that's like a thousand
dollars a month in an index in fund like
index fund or something like that like i
i think you always particularly for
young but but always want to have
some percentage of your total income
being invested in some kind of etf or
safe investment surrounding the s p 500
um another thing to think about this
like dollar cost averaging a dollar cost
average like a certain amount of money
um i have a dollar cost average system
set up on the 15th of every month that
just throws itself into the swpppx which
is a which is a fund that just tracks
the s p 500. i also dollar cost average
every time cryptocurrency loses
10 of its value and just automatically
throws money into it um
which i set up through limit orders so
there's just ways you can automatically
set up things but more importantly
thinking about like what percentage of
your income you can invest beyond your
expenses so you should be making more
than you're losing right and if you're
not doing that then there's a goal to
set around that and if you are doing
that then are you investing in
appropriately right um the other thing i
really like around financial goals
there's just things that i don't hear
that often right is setting aside x
dollars
to
spend on business ventures secondary
projects side hustles or different
verticals
to grow
your net worth business brand whatever
so um
marketing budgets are a thing that i
deal with a lot because i run a company
but i don't really see people give
themselves personal budgets to spend on
like r d and it's funny because
companies do this all the time right
like you look at a company like apple or
something and the company has billions
of billions of dollars allocated for r d
and research right billions of dollars
of stuff that every company that is in
the tech space and and many well beyond
it are
investing some percentage of their
revenue into
things that they don't know are going to
work yet
right that are opportunities potential
opportunities because every company
wants to grow and so why aren't you
doing that right like why isn't why
don't individuals also do that where you
set aside some amount of dollars call it
a hundred dollars call it a thousand
dollars every month right where
depending on your your state of being
and your financial capability 100 bucks
right 100 bucks on just purely something
interesting i'm gonna put a hundred
dollars into nfts this month because i
want to learn more about it i'm gonna
put a hundred dollars into a distributed
autonomous organization because i want
to learn more about it i'm gonna put i'm
gonna buy a wiggly worm nft for for a
hundred a hundred dollars in ethereum
and i'm going to see what happens maybe
i'll lose it maybe i won't maybe it'll
become a billion dollars right but
having some kind of test skunk works
type thing as a goal for financial goals
phenomenal ideas it's great so setting
aside amount of money to spend on
business ventures secondary products
side hustle is amazing right um but also
things that like maybe objectively grow
your like a side hustle like okay i'm
gonna set aside a hundred dollars to buy
stuff in thrift stores and i'm gonna
sell that stuff on offer up or i'm gonna
sell that stuff on ebay for you know
twice the value see what happens maybe
i'll fail maybe that's 100 bucks i never
see again and now i've got a bunch of
useless crap but i guarantee you'll
learn something along the way and just
setting goals with that in mind it's a
really good idea so those are some of
the financial goals i like
reporting net worth investing and
setting aside money uh to spend on
business ventures secondary products
stuff of that okay so let's talk about
mental and spiritual goals
so
just like you have physical goals your
mentality and the way that you look at
the world is really important
so um these are some of the goals around
this uh i love meditation based goals
i i i think that meditation is straight
up that's the most important thing you
can possibly do like it's like breathing
i mean it's so important to have a
regular meditation practice so having
goals around this which usually are just
like objectively like what days can you
do it how many minutes a day can you
meditate things like that 15 or 30
minutes right none um but also like
spiritual goals like um can you look
into something like for me i'm a very
devout zen buddhist if there is such a
thing as devotion in zen but um i i
spend a lot of time in zen i guess i
should say
and uh zen buddhism is very important
and very close to me so i have zen based
goals whether just like be working
through certain cohen's or um
participating in certain uh groups right
i'll have those i'll also have goals
like maybe i want to spend x amount of
time with myself and i want to read x
amount of books around these kind of
things um
in certain time frames i have a very uh
kind of like classic overarching goal
every year of just reading two books a
month and i also have different ways
that i consume that so if reading means
physically reading i'll usually get done
with i'd say four to five a month
because i spend a lot of time just
consuming information but i will read
too i will physically read two books so
for example like um
the the books uh
the books uh this month were um were
last month yeah because it's december
now at the time of this recording so the
members books were one way to grasp
which is a zen uh book and and uh
the second one was um
inner engineering by sad guru so those
books that i'll i'll physically read i
usually physically read books that i
think are
more important for some reason or some
nonfiction i think is going to greatly
benefit me audiobooks i usually
don't but i'm not going to catch
everything so i'll just put secondary
books or things like that i'll read
there oftentimes like autobiographies or
things like that so reading based goals
are great
but also just like these are like
check-in happiness-based goals um
things you might want to do like a class
or like um some kind of uh
some kind of like i think hobbies go
here or things that like just make you
healthier and and happier um i think are
great
let's talk about medical so this is one
you don't see that often right um i
think one of the easiest things you can
start off with with medical is blood
tests every six months this is a super
easy golden set it's incredibly easy to
do you just uh you can install an app on
your phone that's what i do is you
install an app on your phone there's a
million of them that gets you in front
of a doctor and for like 30 bucks they
will do a full spec just the the
keywords you want to tell the magic
words are i would like a general panel
right general blood panel that's just
all spectrum health i just want uh as
many stats as i can get on my vitamin
levels my mineral levels my my hba1c
fasting glucose levels everything you
can possibly get and they will schedule
it for you and then you'll walk into a
hospital you get you get some blood
drawn and then within two weeks you will
have unbelievable information on like
the state of your body so i
love blood tests i they're like i think
that blood tests i i don't hear anybody
talk about these this and like the
self-improvement like non-fiction like
amazing world of like self-improvement i
don't hear anybody talk about getting
blood tests including like really
sophisticated people in the fitness
world i have no idea why it's so
important at the very least you can find
out what your vitamin d levels are find
out if you have any um deficiencies in
places like magnesium is really common
or um
all kinds of things like you'll find out
things about your thyroid and then what
you can do is you can just go google
everyone uh so what will happen is you
get a blood test you'll get a range of
things it'll say here's your range and
here's the thing so it'll be like
phosphorus levels there'll be a range
between something vitamin d levels right
you just google it it'll say okay your
vitamin d level is this it'll show you
if it's at a range every lab will do
this and then you just go through it and
you go okay well my vitamin d levels are
hella low i'm gonna i'm gonna take
vitamin d it's oftentimes like 80 or
something or more of the people that um
in the united states are deficient in
vitamin d because we never go outside
we're all gobbled now um there's amazing
uh things you can do from blood tests uh
different kinds of vaccines right so um
things you might not have heard of like
looking into things like hpv right hpv
especially for women is a um
is a
huge risk of cancer hpv is a solvable
problem it's just something that human
papillomavirus most people have gotten
versions of it um over over the course
of their life as something like over 90
percent of people have it uh you can
just get a vaccine against the ones that
cause the most common types of cancers
things like that that you can get um
there's all kinds of goals you can have
around medical or regular physicals
right um if you want to get really crazy
about this for the people that are like
super elite listening to this consider
concierge medicine
concierge medicine is like for like 190
to like 250
you can get uh a private doctor who
probably sees a maximum of like two to
250 clients okay the average general
physician sees over 5 000 clients yeah
right so that like that's their like
total repertoire of like patients they
will never know your name they'll never
know anything about you but concierge
medicine this costs you like like i said
about like 190 250 a month depending on
where you are but you will get a
personal doctor you can text um and you
can go through things so particularly
with people with like chronic conditions
or ongoing things a phenomenal way to
actually spend your money um concierge
medicine is one of the best ways to
spend your money and it might
by the way that um that money that i
said for paying for that private doctor
is usually not covered by health care
although the procedures and specialists
they recommend you can be with a network
so concierge medicine is a phenomenal
idea particularly for people with
chronic illnesses but also people that
are just interested in optimizing
themselves but you can also specify the
type of people that you want to do
concierge medicine for you so you could
get a board of doctors that are focused
only on energy nutrition and
optimization and they just like turn you
into like a kick-ass like
like just monster of a human being right
like this it's so cool so um we often
underestimate medical as like some like
like how many people do you know that
set medically related uh goals every
year well i set medically related goals
every year and i'm i like i love health
okay health is one of the most um
on underestimated things that you can
set goals around because like man if you
are in chronic pain or you're sick you
none of this other stuff matters okay i
don't care how much money you want to
make or like all your goals around any
any of your business or or your brand or
your company they don't matter if you
are in terrible pain or you have some
kind of sickness or you're too weak to
get out of bed or you you come down with
a chronic illness that's really hard to
fight you are gonna be focused entirely
on that so it's your choice to either
prevent that stuff before it happens as
best you can or just wait inevitably for
it to pop up and i choose to be on the
preventative side of that and as a
result i've had great health and been
able to keep a consistent working career
um and i've it's saved me a lot of money
too in hospital bills
so medical is something i'd really
consider to set up for your goals this
year uh let's talk about brand
this is just gonna be for people that
are content creators or people that are
interested in starting brands not all of
you but um just very kind of quick
idea of goals these are actually
probably the simplest goals to
to do and why i'm not going to spend a
lot of time on this section um achieving
like
x number of subscribers or followers on
certain platforms is great particularly
youtube uh or twitch are great places
like follower account and subscriber
accounts like actually are a good way to
to maintain success um
i want one post or video with x number
of views right
is a great way to is a great thing to
set um
i want a consistent
schedule of uploads
x per month or x per week etc on x days
remember going back to like being as
objective as possible are very good
goals and around your brand i think um
for most people
expecting remember we are talking about
tiers of goals so accomplishable with
effort is like 20
to 30 growth a year it's pretty
realistic for most people but if you
want to do like a moonshot goal i think
doubling wherever you're at is a great
moonshot goal so for example right now
uh i i don't know how many subscribers i
have on youtube i i intentionally don't
really focus on it i i'll be one
adventure it's like 130 000 or something
so a great goal would be just doubling
that number 260 000 subscribers on
youtube by end of 2022 which i think is
a pretty easily accomplishable goal if i
uploaded a consistent basis um
likewise i i'd say like my number one
video i think has about half a million
views so getting a video with a million
views is not unreasonable right i could
i could set that as an accomplishable
goal with effort
a moonshot goal might be getting like a
two million view video or like half a
million subscribers by the end of 22
2022. and you can have different tiers
right you can have you you don't have to
set this
that goal like i could set a goal of
having okay my like my accomplishable
goal is going to be 200 or 130 260 000
subscribers and my moonshot goal will be
500 000. and here's what it's going to
take to accomplish both of those right
the last goals uh i want to mention are
just like your company entrepreneurship
and like like what's uh going on there
right so these are goals like um can you
increase your revenue per quarter right
by a certain percentage um can you make
hires right or can you like what are
these sort of objective means in which i
can specify that my company is going to
grow or do something that i wanted to do
um
maybe as a goal to move into a different
vertical like but or figure out what
that vertical is right like okay like uh
novo for example in 2021
we set a goal in the beginning of the
year
that originally we had this vertical of
in studio creative advertising so we we
would use our studio to produce um
creative ads for brands and then covet
happened so we just lost that entire
revenue stream like that entire business
just collapsed because we couldn't
physically bring people into the studio
for months right and so this is like
man like 8 000 square feet of space that
just was totally unused so we needed a
completely different vertical and we
worked on it and we established a
merchandise so now we do merchandising
for influencers and it's great it's
better than the uh in studio vertical so
that is an example of like maybe
something you want to consider for a
company um
there could be all kinds of goals around
company really like the specifics of
each one of these sort of categories um
can all be done in separate videos that
they're just it's that extensive but
what i wanted to do was give you an
overview on how to set these goals and
look at them for the upcoming year and
the future uh i think this is just like
some phenomenal categories to consider
setting goals in i would caution you
that i think there should really be
maybe two to three
maximum goals per category and then the
last thing i would tell you is i want
you to once you've once you objectify
these goals and you put them out there
to be as specific as possible and you
break them down like a decision tree and
figure out exactly as much as you can
how you're going to do these goals where
you're going to spend the time
what you're going to put that time into
and how you're going to physically get
there
once you do that i want you to print out
these goals and put them in a place
where you will see them almost every day
if you can so if you work at a desk put
them on a desk if you have a whiteboard
buy a whiteboard and get a what guys you
should just buy a whiteboard and and put
the the paper there's something you
should see every day okay and if you can
if you can get if you get it it's your
mess you should look at them every day
and that's how important this should be
you should do that for a year you should
look at them every day and you will be
amazed like i want you to come back to
me at the end of the year and if you've
accomplished this i hope even one person
does this you if you've if you've done
this if you've printed out your goals
you've looked at them i want you to let
me know what happened and i'd be really
interested to hear so i hope that this
has been a great overview of just where
like like how to set goals i listened to
tons of people said like how to do your
new year's resolutions like how to
actually accomplish your goals it's so
annoying nobody ever does it right so i
wanted to post something that's kind of
a definitive guide on that and i hope
this accomplishes that so let me know
let me know about your goals post
something in the comments or tell me
what's going on with your goals and like
what you're going to do i would love to
read about it because i just love
hearing other people's aspirations thank
you very much for supporting me in this
video we'll see you again next time bye
