hello my friends welcome gather around
the campfire for today we are going to
be talking about socialism yes that's
right i have moved to a full political
channel i am no longer a business
channel we're going to be talking about
socialism no i'm kidding but we are
going to share some socialist concepts
today to talk about the theme of this
video which is owning what you earn oh
yes it's gonna be a very very good video
so let's start with the definition and
that is actually more of a saying really
to each according to his or her
contribution this is a common theme of
socialism and what it means is if an
individual is getting paid they should
get paid in respect to their effort
their labor and their productivity okay
and what i want to talk to you about
today is the idea of owning your means
of production owning your labor okay and
we're going to talk about that in the
context of your own stuff and also in
the context of working for a company so
if at all possible when you are earning
income
you should either own the means of
that income and i'll explain that later
or
have
some stake in that income to earn more
from it okay so let's start with a
company because i think that's going to
be the easiest example so you work for a
company okay uh you have a job
all right which is a good amount of
people that are listening to this
and then i'll give you the other section
it's gonna be side hustle and your own
business
okay
all right
self-employed
i'm excited for this one
what are some of the ways that you can
have ownership of your income if you
have a job well the number one way is
equity okay equity is
owning a percentage of the business
and there's a thing called a cap table
so if you have a hundred percent of a
company right
that has to be owned by someone so a
company stands on its own as kind of a
separate entity but the company has
owners usually and the owners will own a
percentage of that company so in the
case of novo for example i own 50 of
novo and my business partner owns 50 of
novo and we will be what's called
diluted a little bit as we hand out
equity to senior employees so i own
equity in my business i earn more money
as the valuation of this business goes
up so every company
has a value
and the value of the company is
generally what it sells for
so once i sell novo
my equity gets translated in for actual
cash value so i do pay myself a salary
through novo but it's pretty modest
because i want to put that money back
into the company
and the equity that i receive is the
real payout for owning a company because
once my company is valued at a certain
amount i can sell that and i get 50 of
those profits so equity is the number
one way that you can actually own the
means of your income but there are more
ways to do it so let's talk about
commission
commission is a phenomenal way if you
can't earn equity in a company and
usually you only can if you're a senior
employer could just employee or you can
justify it like really adding a lot of
value to the company commission is a
phenomenal way to own means of your
income so this is a percentage of the
deals you bring in or the work you do
is earned back to you
commission is uh mostly used in sales
structures but can really be negotiated
in any kind of uh capacity and
commission is a phenomenal way to own a
portion of the income that you're making
so
uh i'll go to number three before i kind
of explain the concept and that is uh
bonus structures
uh these can be made for objectives uh
kpis uh completion of projects etc so
what i'm trying to paint here is uh
you'll see start to see a problem uh if
you're if you're most people which is
like wait i don't have any of these i
just get paid a salary somebody just
pays me to do my job and then i
occasionally get a raise right that's
not good that's not good because what
happens is
the company ends up making exponentially
more money and the company becomes
valued exponentially higher but you
don't make any more money whereas you
should get paid a percentage of the work
that you do at the very least or you
should even own a piece of that company
eventually or you should be working on a
plan to get there so
um
anybody in any job can negotiate one of
these three things okay um equity is the
hardest to negotiate you really have to
have
in my opinion you need to be
irreplaceable well i mean everybody's
replaceable but but you need to have a
value statement that is so strong that
it would be difficult for the company to
replace you or annoying to replace you
commission is pretty easy to negotiate
if you can if you're bringing in deals
for your company i mean if you're in
sales you should always have commission
but if you're bringing in deals for the
company or something has cash value
right um then you should be able to
negotiate commission
as for uh bonus structures this i i put
at the third tier which is um a lot of
people don't think they can negotiate
bonus structures but absolutely you can
like if you go to your boss and you say
hey
is there a budget available for like a
structure if we if i build this thing
out and it earns revenue for the company
can i get a piece of that can i get like
um can i get a completion of project
right you'd be surprised what you can
negotiate through the company if you um
if you if you just try
so these are some of the ways that you
can own a piece of um your company okay
or your own business
so
side hustle or self-employed i want to
talk first about a really important
concept okay
if you get a hundred percent of your
money
from one place or platform or
you
don't have any
scalable
income i'll explain that in a minute you
don't have a business you have a
job i'm looking at you twitch streamers
and youtubers
so
what happens if you shut off your twitch
stream for one month two months three
months four months well i shut off my
twitch stream for seven months wanna
know what happened i don't make any
money off it it's gone
that's because i didn't have a i didn't
really own a piece of it twitch owns it
and my audience owns it so when that
goes away i don't own it anymore so
that's not really a business that's not
really that's that's a job my job was
being employed by twitch i was just
twitch was my employer and that is why
one of the reasons why i moved away from
full-time streaming is because i
identified that it was not a great
scalable so your twitch stream can never
have evaluation much like your youtube
channel could never have a valuation
unless your youtube channel is one of
the real rare ones like um
let's say like an information based
channel like everything explained or
something like that where it doesn't
matter who's behind it
then
you can actually put evaluation on a
youtube channel and some youtube
channels have been sold for that uh also
some groups of content creators or like
studios that have made content that have
turned into businesses like maker
studios sold for a billion dollars to
disney right so there are possibilities
but most youtube channels that are just
based on individuals such as the devin
nash channel will never have evaluation
okay um now that's okay but it's it's
why you'll probably incessantly and
annoyingly hear me say that i don't
create content as a primary job because
i there's no scalability there right and
for the vast majority of people there
isn't any scalability there if twitch or
youtube owns your means of income and
they can shut you down like that and
then you lose your audience you don't
have a um
you don't have that means of income
really now um
you're only as good as your last at-bat
as is a good quote there so if you stop
your twitch team you stop your youtube
channel you stop your income now this is
one of the reasons why in recent years
i've or recent times i should say i've
moved to something like patreon a
patreon is an unbelievable means of um
owning your own income right because
number one i i have all those emails so
i have the emails of all those paying
customers i'm not gonna get banned on
patreon because patreon is just a
platform that allows me to um uh this
process is payment information i mean
you can't break the rules on patreon i
can't do anything on there i mean unless
i'm doing like ultra porn right but
something obvious i mean i'm not gonna
i'm not gonna be under like twitch's
like thumb of like their weird shadow
band system or whatever where you never
know from day to day if anything's gonna
be okay
all the audience that i have on patreon
i'm familiar with so every single person
on patreon individually every month
makes the decision to support me or not
and that and i have that those users are
paying customers of me so i i um i own
the means of those users and i'm
providing those people value in a more
direct way whereas on twitch you don't
even have the emails of your subscribers
if you if you stop streaming those
subscribers unsubscribe and even though
the structure looks the same it's
meaningfully different in that way so
because you don't own those users in
that way um they are actually in your
funnel and and um youtube uh
is similar
in that you could convert a youtube
person to a pain user uh that you then
have information on via some other
channel but
youtube actually is is worse than twitch
in this way because some huge percentage
of your of the people that consume your
videos and don't give you ad revenue or
sorry give you ad revenue are not your
subscribers you know upwards of 80 if
your channel like above 100 000
subscribers
so if like 80 of your of your user base
isn't even committed to you at all like
that's not owning your stuff right so
if you are
a content creator or you're like the
owner of like a self-employed business
right you will want to start thinking
about ways that you can leverage your
income
in a way where either your income grows
exponentially so for example like you
could start a product business on the
side that can get more sales and then
that in of itself becomes worth
something or
you want to
um
make sure
that you that the users that you do have
you um you own the means of contacting
to in some way or or as much as you can
so i that this is uh if you go back and
look through the patreon
um videos there's a video on uh
marketing funnels and it talks about
like how to get people into marketing
funnels this uh recommended reading from
what i just said
so i won't go into that here but what i
will say is there should be some portion
of your income
where you can reliably
own the means of it and also you can
reliably increase the income
exponentially based on
your
uh your work therein okay and and your
work
your main work should always produce
exponential results in my opinion so so
i don't want to do any work that has a
one-to-one roi so what do i mean by that
that i i mean that um i don't ever want
to do any work that gives me a dollar
per hour value unless that dollar per
hour value is insane the only work i do
like that is consulting so i i will
consult at 500 an hour because i think
that's a
kind of acceptable price
to do dollar per hour work but that
gives you an idea of how
severely i i value um
like or i guess i don't value uh hours
in
at work so
all work that i do all day should be of
exponential value if i create a video
i am potentially creating a video that
every single one provides
tens of of thousands of views and
hundreds if not thousands of dollars per
video right so so that and it's a gift
that keeps on giving as soon as i upload
that that exists for all time i mean not
all the time but
very a lot of time
and getting to zen here and uh in so
doing um provides me value as an ongoing
way and and that's one of the the powers
of youtube that twitch doesn't have is
that youtube in terms of content
creation um will continue to serve your
video for years to come thus you're
building a repertoire and you're
building value exponentially like a
business kind of and your ad revenue
reflects that as well as your
subscribers that's great right um this
is also one of the reasons why i just
see absolutely zero value in live
streaming is like beyond like doing it
as a targeted thing for like dedicated
users or or and such but from a
marketing perspective makes no sense
because you're not building equity in
anything right so when i when i talk
about you're not building anything this
is what i'm kind of talking about
in my company i always want to be doing
something that gives me
exponential value for being there so if
i'm going to work on a project in novo i
want to think about building something
like a sales resource where i will build
a pdf that i can use that or that my
future sales people can use to sell
because that will provide exponential
value to the company for months and
months that they're in so if you go back
and look at some of the videos on our
patreon that i talked about marketing
resources where you know we build pdfs
and we show them those are great uses of
my time because they have exponential
value every single sales person that i
ever hire or for me myself to send out
in emails and potentially generate tons
of returns so i'm trying to share a
mindset a cohesive mindset where you you
sit down at the beginning of the day and
you say okay what is a use of my time
that is going to produce exponential
value because many people are in the
mindset actually we're trained to be in
the mindset of just trading dollar per
hour and um it's gotten a little bit
murky now where people don't think
they're trading dollars per hour if
you're like an uber driver you're saying
oh own my own business or if you're a
twitch stream you're like oh i own my
own business like my subscribers paid no
you're still trading dollars per hour
again because dollars per hour are
dictated by the lack of scale so if you
can't scale it you have a job if you if
you can't scale something up to the
point where it's going to be worth more
you have a job so we'll wait um i can
scale a twitch stream okay but how much
can you scale it will it twitch can you
ever sell it no you can't right and if
you can scale it what's the what's the
end all be all of that well you could be
mischief and you could make a million
dollars a month great that's going to
pale in comparison to selling even a
small to mid-sized tech company when you
look at the valuations of of those guys
or
the the scale of like an nft or an
investment or things like that right
these are just things that are just not
built by their very foundations and
their structure to be as valuable so you
can
the end-all be-all of a content creation
business can never ever reach even a
poultry tech company uh now look it
might not be your goal to do that right
like you might be like okay i want to
make 100k a year and i'm good okay cool
well then like that's that's fine just
just identify with that but be aware
that if you don't build foundations to
scale you will be doing that until
you're 85 and die right because you will
never be you'll only be as good as your
last at-bat so um i don't like systems
like that i want to be earning money
that i can then leverage into other
enterprises and i think this is like the
mindset of a rich person which has i
just realized is going to be the title
of this video
so the mindset of a rich person is
always thinking about things in terms of
their scalability and respect to
valuation it's always thinking about
things in terms of okay um this oh so
now like check this out okay i'll give
you an example of like how i think about
like financial structures okay
i go into my company i pay myself a
salary my salary is minimal which most
people don't think most people think
okay i'll pay my i'll try to get as much
money as possible up front i pay myself
a minimal salary any of the money that i
get from that i put towards my living
expenses any extra cash that i get i
throw back into my business if i'm
making money off of uh youtube or or
whatever or patreon or anything like
that well where does that extra money go
well it goes into investments because
investments can scale investments can
scale a lot so i'll put money into that
and then what if i'm working with
another company i'm working with someone
how do i think about that well i think
about that in terms of bonus structures
how can i get a kickback on this or how
can i how can i um scale this and if i'm
going to do a side project um like let's
say i'm going to become an advisor on a
board what do you think i'm going to
think i'm going to think how can i get
equity here how can i get a bonus
structure based on how well the company
does and i'm going to negotiate for
those things so what i'm trying to share
is a total mindset that
permeates everything that you do
and uh this is this is vastly different
from people who who think about things
in terms of like okay i'm gonna get paid
one to one i never think about getting
paid one to one and if you want to be
if you want to beat the system and beat
the rat race you have to think that way
also because we're getting to a point in
our society i think where um rampant
inflation at the time of this filming
this video uh as well as the just
increased cost of living everywhere is
going to make one-to-one employment
unrealistic and you're just going to be
in debt up to your eyeballs so the only
way to survive and to live well is to
grow exponentially in your income and to
do this you have to follow these
structures so you don't have to be like
some freaking um entrepreneur dude
dudette running some incredible um
business in order to
adopt these concepts you need to only
look towards these structures that you
can negotiate in your job and you can
look towards things like if you're a
project manager see if your boss will
put some skin in the game for the
completion of that project especially if
you do amazing and then you'll find on
the back end that you're more motivated
to do those things and and even if you
can't do anything in your company well
then you can think about side hustles
where you could do these sort of things
and there's a million different ways
that you can earn money on the side in
ways that could grow your uh your own
scalability of a business so for example
you could do etsy and sell little crafts
or things like that right um you could
do do food delivery and um and hire a
person to help you out right there's
just a million different things you
could do and should do to have a side
hustle that i i've talked to so many
people that we've done financial work
for where um
their side hustle turned into their
full-time income because it just became
way more realistic to do so and that was
the nature of scaling so i hope that
this video has helped people shift their
mindset from like one to one roi
employment to um total value thinking
this is something i just coined so um
did this video help you uh was it great
leave a comment tell me if it was tell
me what else you want to hear about and
i'll do that thanks i'll see you again
next time
