hey what's up so i want to talk today
about short form content short form
content is anything that i define as
like
a minute or less that can be posted on
any kind of social media and i think
this is a really important topic it's
important whether you are a content
creator it's important if you're in a
business or it's important if you just
consume this stuff like we'll see where
it's going just want to give some
thoughts about where it's going and and
what's happening kind of spitball about
this and before i do that i want to
offer my perspective like what i where
i'm coming from i think it's really
important to kind of establish
this before we start talking about this
issue so i run a creative agency called
novo and we do deals all over the space
in twitch youtube and instagram and we
see a lot of the stuff that is happening
at a marketing level before it happens
because we're running these deals for
influencers so i will
be talking to anywhere between uh per
week
two to three dozen influencers
multiple multiple brands a lot of them
a-list brands or even fortune 500
companies and see what they're doing in
the space what they're paying attention
to and then it's also my full-time job
as cmo of novo to figure out what is
happening in the world that is my entire
job is like where attention is going
what is happening with attention where
are people focusing where are users
coming on board and where are they
leaving from and where do we need to be
positioned as a company and where do i
need to be positioned as a person to be
able to utilize those services and
make the most of it so that's my
perspective right i'm doing deals in
this space i'm i'm operating every
single day in this space and i'm
starting to see a lot of really obvious
trends and i want to share like some of
those in the form and in the context of
short form content as much as i can and
the first thing i want to say is that i
i truly and utterly believe that tick
tock is taking over the universe
it is absolutely crazy how much this is
happening they have over a billion users
and if you look at like the the number
of users that instagram has right now
where instagram has 1.3 billion users
but you look at how long it took
instagram to get to that point versus
how tick tock has done it you start to
see that short form content is is really
dominating on this platform and it it it
has become what like vine could only
have dreamed of becoming and you're also
seeing a lot of these companies
sort of look at tick-tock and look at
short-form content and try to do things
that are like it so you look at like
youtube shorts instagram stories twitter
stories right everybody is trying to
provide a
short form solution to
um
uh to to to their platform
and you as a if you're a content creator
or you want to leverage these things i i
think you want to know one word okay and
that word is syndication syndication
means that you
put your content on as many different
platforms as possible so if i'm a
content creator today and i want to make
short form content i think what i do is
i post it on instagram i post it across
to tiktok and i really syndicate and
utilize all these platforms for
discovery and use as much of them as
possible this is also true in streaming
now and live streaming where um it is at
this point that i can basically see no
value in being a twitch partner for the
very few people that have paid contracts
there's an exception to that rule but if
you do not have a paid contract there's
no reason not to multi-stream
syndication is so powerful across
youtube and now tick-tock live like
tick-tock live is an example of like a
short-form content platform that has
already solved the problems of twitch
that has moved us away i'm i'm blown
away by how well tick-tock live is doing
and how fast it's it's accumulated it
has solved so many problems that twitch
has had for years like um how do you get
people that don't endemic that aren't
endemic to gaming how do you get them on
a platform and now people are like
flying planes on tick-tock they're
bouncing balls into hats for for tens of
thousands of viewers and the platform
just has nowhere to go but up is already
acquiring users at just like like at a
crazy rate and doing better than like
platforms like twitch like overnight
like just obliterated them so you have
to look at like where this like like
where these companies are focusing
pretty much all of youtube's moves
all of instagram's moves all of
twitter's moves and tick tock itself are
towards short form content in the last
i'd say like six to eight months right
so you've gotten the advent of youtube
shorts which i think you can use in
conjunction with tick tock to life to
really uh syndicate good content
youtube's short says of an incredible
discovery system and it's probably the
second most powerful content delivery uh
system rather than than tick tock is
right now tick tock takes the cake
because what makes tick tock short form
content so appealing as a content
creator or business owner is the um
it's just the creation engine by which i
mean like the the way that tiktok serves
and discovers content is truly second to
none and and before you you would if you
followed me for a while i said that
about youtube where where i thought the
real power of youtube was being able to
serve content that you want to see to
every
well like as relevant as possible
everything you want to see that's where
twitch failed right twitch could never
truly break its mold as a gaming website
because it was never able to serve
content like if i want to go see streams
about investing advice like even today
in 2022 how do i search for that i i
can't right and then
better than that now on tiktok not only
can i search for that and find exactly
what i'm looking for or on youtube for
that matter but i can also do it in 30
second bits and get everything that i
want to get get that's like dope mean
hit okay i've gotten my content and i
can move on and people are spending
hours and hours on tick tock and
engaging now and all of the concerns
that i had with tik tok are being solved
like they're the the monetization is
coming through brand deals and through
the the creator program although it's
still really bad right now but it's
going to get better
um because we just have to onboard
advertisers it's going to take a long
time it's another thing we're seeing in
the marketing world right it's just
advertisers move way slower like it's
it's it took them so much time to even
get involved in like facebook or
instagram advertising where i think it
was in the past like five years that we
just saw
media and advertising um on digitally
supersede traditional advertising like
you know like billboards and stuff right
so it's hard it's hard it takes a really
long time but
um
the
uh
you're seeing this genesis of like
moving towards short form content and
there are what's interesting about short
form content is that um where there's a
couple of i think i need a notepad for
this one but there's a couple of things
that matter a little bit differently in
short form content so like in long form
content like vaude
stuff like watch time engagement like
likes
uh etc
matter
and um
but really like user retention right
like how long somebody uh stays on it
like these are the the kings here but in
short form content
uh you've seen some different stuff so
engagement and likes still matter sure
but completion rate right so do you get
to the end of the video matters a ton
and then another thing that actually
matters a lot that tick tock weighs
really heavily is um replayability
so
if you play a 30 second video
and you get one completion of that
that's great and tick tock likes that
but if you can replay that video
over and over and over again people want
to see something they might have missed
or whatever then that's all the more
opportunity to get more ad plays and to
get more watch time right so
replayability adds a new thing that we
don't see in long form it's really
interesting and if you're thinking about
producing short form content or you're
just kind of interested in this space
you want to really be thinking about
replayability so you'll um the best
place to actually see this is if you go
to tick-tock and you look at some of the
magicians that do that do tricks on tick
tock and they're they're huge huge um uh
people that do this i i'm gonna try to
go find one right now let me uh let me
go see
yeah so if you look at like this guy
like sean does magic like okay 450
million likes 20 million followers like
incredible right and just kind of look
at some of the stuff he's doing the
stuff that he does are these really
short um
these these really short examples of
like magic tricks that get you you want
to repeat because you you don't you
don't see all of it in the first
iteration of it so that like the combat
the complete ability of it right is um
the replayability of it is like you know
maybe four or five times before you you
see it uh side to note i'm just looking
at this guy and just loving these like
doritos partner ads right these are just
these are just awesome like doing magic
tricks with this like you're going to
see so many of these like brand deals
sorry that's the marketer and me talking
about it it's just an example of this so
you're just seeing these people with
these just absolutely crazy here shin
lim doing some awesome stuff on um on
tech talking again like you just want to
see this stuff again like this guy just
turned a card into a watch okay and see
like even i'm like watching that again
right that's that replayability that
short form content that if like it like
it really defines the platform it's not
just seeing something once it's seen it
over and over again and tick tock
creates this stuff i mean there are so
many
ways that tick tock actually figures
this out even even down to like
listening to the stuff that you you like
and then looking at your searches and
who knows what on your phone and
figuring this stuff out so i i do think
the future
of content is short form i but i also
think
that
in
long form will have its place
video will have its place
and live streaming will always be kind
of a niche slash kind of fun thing to do
it will never reach vaude uh levels of
of adoption because uh it just requires
too much commitment from users right if
we look at the behavior of users we're
seeing them move towards like more
attention deficit 30 second plays not
like not like
hours and hours of consuming live
streams right particularly the same live
streamer like over and over again so
there's just so much more value whether
it be entertainment or educational that
you could deliver in in vaude form and
and then even more so forcing
down to like 30 seconds
everything you need to know
and the interesting evolution of tick
tock now and also youtube shorts is that
it's not just these like
gaming well it's not like there's no one
place anymore i mean like you can um
there's these tick-tock people that do
excel spreadsheet tricks and they get
millions of views um and you can just
search for this like tick tock excels
tricks and like they'll just show you
like a cool trick you can do on excel
and it'll be the person that has like
millions of followers right so they're
like every genre that you can possibly
imagine
has some form of um short form like
content now and uh that just opens up
the door to everything right so
um huh what else am i thinking about
short form content um
i want to talk a little bit about
syndication before i go i think
syndication is really important and
i i so
right now
there is no reason not to syndicate
short form and long-form content in as
many places as possible you aren't
punished for doing so and you're exposed
to a new audience every time the most
common
example
uh that i hear against syndication is
well what if my dedicated audience
uh
sees it
multiple times it gets annoyed and
unfollows me so i'm gonna say a couple
of things to this point one um user
behavior just doesn't work this way so
if you see something you've already seen
you just go oh i've already seen it and
you move on you don't unfollow a person
because you're doing that if you're
getting spammed by a person like 40
videos a day then you might unfollow
someone if that annoys you but you won't
like if you see the same tick tock that
you saw on someone's instagram doesn't
matter right um or youtube or whatever
but um the real thing that i want to
convey to you and i actually think it's
kind of a hidden gem of this video to
understand uh user and market behavior
is users don't consume content in that
way so
very few and by very few i mean like way
less than one percent of the people that
follow you will follow all of your
content they'll watch every video
they'll watch every instagram they'll
watch everything the people that do
follow you at that level they won't care
if they see your stuff again because
they appreciate it and they are
following you at such a level that they
don't care about that so we have this
vision that a person will go on their
phone on instagram they'll see us pop up
and they'll be like oh okay oh that was
cool and then they'll go on tick tock
they'll see us pop up with the same
video they'll be like oh what i already
saw that it will go up on uh it'll go up
on twitter they'll see the same thing
and and like they'll unfollow on
everything because they'll just go crazy
they saw the same thing four times that
never happens that never happens in a
user's experience a user's experience is
created for that day by the platform
based on their interests so the
likelihood that they will even see your
contract that's recommended to them by
the same platform every day is
infinitesimal and also they won't
necessarily be on the platform when
you're posting that content um
like you're you have to think of your
user base and your and your customer
base as a churning thing it's not the
same people doing the same thing there
are going to be some percentage of those
people and that creates the like the
problem is
things like youtube and things like
discord and stuff like that create the
illusion of this because you might see
your same supporters around and you
might be like okay well it's just all
the same people that are watching but it
isn't it's not right there's a huge
churn in that and there's people that
are coming back to you from months ago
who haven't heard of you the vast
majority of the people if you're doing
things right are going to be people who
have never heard of you before right so
uh on youtube if you look at the stats
this is similar on other social media
platforms 60 to 80 percent of your
audience uh total on every single video
is going to be people that are
unsubscribed have not heard of you right
um and it's gonna be it's gonna be far
higher on tick tock like greater than 96
98
so you never have to worry about this
like like syndicating stuff and this is
the same with like the live streaming
thing right like syndicating short form
content is totally fine you can
syndicate it to every single platform
and the overlap will not be that bad
like i i would venture to to guess you
would you would lose
not even
0.1 percent of your user base even if
you just like over syndicate him with
like super super hard so do not be
afraid of syndication it's like your
most powerful tool um whether it be
multi streaming or whether it be like uh
vaude sharing or anything like that it's
one of the most powerful things you can
do long form as well like there's no
reason not to post things on facebook no
reason not to post things on um on
youtube vimeo everywhere you can um like
literally everywhere you can just to
syndicate that's super easy to do right
there's a lot like a lot of these things
are that can be done automatically now
through imports and such things so yeah
those are my those are my thoughts right
now on short form content um i think
everybody can use it to their advantage
don't underestimate it even if you're
selling product-based business get on
tick-tock and talk about it learn the
space
tick tock is so easy it takes you six to
30 seconds to make a video it doesn't
have to be that like highly edited um
take advantage of it i i think right now
it's just a it's a really really
powerful platform okay that's it thanks
bye
