okay hello occasionally I make videos
that I think are important to every
single person that could possibly listen
to them this is such a video probably
one of the most important videos I'm
gonna make it will make you thousands of
dollars it applies across the board to
every person who owns a business is a
content creator anything that we deal
with marketing and this is the process
of outbound email marketing the outbound
email marketing is absolutely imperative
succeed to your business will go over
the entire process today using Evernote
because we have some formatting issues
that we can't use notepad for so what is
outbound email marketing and again
you're going to want to watch this video
it is literally the reason that anyone
would subscribe to me this took years to
build this skill set to try to do this
and I'm going to share the whole thing
with you today it took a lot of prep to
make this video also so please do here
be here for the entire thing it will
help you a lot outbound email marketing
is a process of sending one to three
emails a day to potential clients or
sponsors or whatnot so basically you're
going to get yourself into a habit of
sending one two or three not more not
less emails every single day for the
entire year to a potential sponsor or
potential client or person that could
benefit from your products or Services a
person that could pay you money monthly
to do some kind of deliverable right
we're gonna go through all that and so a
couple of things we're going to focus on
highly personalized emails okay these
are by far the best converting emails
that will show that you in the templates
later what I mean but highly
personalized emails means you are not
using a template it's not really a game
of numbers you are writing highly
personalized emails to targeted people
and
um you're going to be focusing each time
on trying to connect with that person at
a human level so that you can build a
relationship
so a couple of questions that we get out
of the way before we get into like the
the Deep dive of it so number one
question is
um why not more emails
isn't this a game of numbers so there
are two ways to approach outbound email
marketing the first one is you can just
do the game of numbers which is you just
send enough templated emails that you
will get responses we've done both at
multiple companies that I've run my
experience with number one is that
typically you get lower quality clients
because the people that respond to like
templated emails are not typically the
people that are good at like you're
gonna build like a lasting relationship
with and um you know might be interested
in some like lower quality stuff
themselves like typically people that
are really busy just don't respond to
template of the emails and occasionally
you'll get a hit but um and some people
some sales people would argue that it is
just a game of numbers if you send out
10 000 emails versus three emails and
you send that every day you're going to
get response you're going to get pings
back but I think you waste a lot of time
on phone calls and so this is really
just like a preference thing uh you
spend a lot waste a lot of time on
qualifying with number one so why not
more emails means that we want to take
the time to really research our leads
the people that we're going to email and
really research the business and the
company that's behind them and the
products or Services behind them so that
we are likely to build a relationship
there much more likely to get
conversions
um in in that way okay so that's number
one um number two is uh by the way so
the high personality there's no wrong
answer like ultimately you can just
blast people with emails send infinite
amounts emails fine
um I just prefer the highly personalized
route that's what I'm teaching today
number two is uh why not farm this out
slash like GPT like you hear me talk
about AI a lot like why not just say hey
write a template email and make it
highly personalized make it authentic
and send it out this is the worst thing
you can do I'm actually going to go over
some examples of in my opinion like what
GPT did even with good prompting makes
pretty horrible prompts there is a
concept called The Uncanny Valley which
is the ability of human beings to detect
that there is like something kind of off
about either like a text or like an
image or something so like early
versions of AI they you would look at an
image and maybe the fingers would be too
long or the eyes would be not quite
right and you would just identify that
as a digital image and and we're going
to see that GPT actually doesn't
successfully produce images or sorry
produce these sales that are are good um
so like if I'm just going to paste real
quick some of this stuff here you can
see like recipient's name let's boost
your Revenue by 30 unlock growth
potential together your company plus
recipients company discover a game
changing partnership so you can see
these are very
um marketing slash like sleazy types of
things let's make a lasting impact in
this industry together these don't work
very well they don't like a winning
combination with rocket ships these are
things that bad marketers think work
well so I want you to avoid using GPT
for this process and you need to learn
the sales process especially because
most of you that are listening to this
are earlier in your business your sub
five million dollars a year and so you
need to learn the process of like what
your products and service is of how you
qualify clients and how you talk to them
so do not use GPT for this that and and
focus on just like one to three emails
so you don't really complicate this and
overthink it and if you follow that
those two rules as we now get into how
you actually write these emails you'll
be you'll be in the right game
um your objective really is that even if
you secure one partnership a month or
like one partnership every couple of
weeks you it's so high value that you
are building up these relationships that
within a year if you think about it like
if you decide to do the maximum here and
you do three outreaches a day then
you're getting 21 chances a week at a
potential sale now three outlooks
outreaches a day will take you a long
time because you are going to be
researching leads you're going to be
thinking about companies that you're
interested in getting sponsored by or be
that's a potential client uh thinking
about potential Partnerships there it's
gonna take a long time to do three
emails a day so even one email day is
quite a bit of time if you're doing this
correctly a lead generation takes up a
lot of time and customizing
personalizing the email takes a lot of
time but if you are going to do three
that's 21 potential high value chances
that you have a week and then over 52
weeks that's over a thousand 1092
chances per year to make an impact on a
new potential client and establish a
partnership even if you're converting it
like one percent you are going to build
a multi-million dollar business doing
that just off of this technique which is
why it is so valuable so understanding
that and understanding that that one to
three is all you need to not overwhelm
yourself and to produce high quality
sales Outreach and lead generation that
is all you need to know to go forward
into the next section which is going to
be talking about
um
how to actually do this and I'm going to
increase the font a little bit just so
that we can like uh read this so now
that you understand all the principles
of it we're actually going to teach you
how to actually do it and I'm gonna
we're gonna start with subject okay
because that's the subject of every
email is going to get people to click on
it right and we're going to go through a
couple of rules that I have developed
for uh subject emails the first one is
going to be
um highly personal so again
um you're focusing on the personal
aspect of the subject you're also going
to
um look at if it's a if it is
a cash opportunity or paid opportunity
so if you are a brand agency or
something reaching out to like a
influencer or something you state the
amount up front so for example it would
be something like
um ten thousand dollar offer to do this
right well we'll show you some example
something plans in a minute
um
if you are looking
for a partnership or brand opportunity
whatever state this clearly
and lastly don't use Weasley language
we'll explain all this in a minute
or over hyped marketing
again at volume this can work
but in general it's just gonna come off
this kind of cringe I don't know how
else to say it all right let's look at
some examples of subjects that I made
and why they work
all right so keep it in line with highly
personal the number one we want to think
about how the person that we're
outreaching to connects to us now you
might say well I've never met this
person
um it's a totally cold email there's
nothing we could talk about that's not
true so let's say that you are a person
who is really interested in a product
like vitamin D3 supplements okay and you
just love their supplements and you take
them every day that's a warm connection
right you can talk about that so you
could say I take your supplements every
day dash question about a partnership
right that's not on here but that's an
example of how you could do that so what
I want you to get into the mindset of
thinking immediately is that you can
always always underline think of a warm
way to connect yourself to someone it
could be your passion about the product
or service it could be some time that
that product or service connected with
you sometime it could be a video game
that you played that you really enjoyed
from them that you're now wanting to get
sponsored for other video games it could
be a product that you use every day and
now you feel like there's an end with
your business or your service that
you're doing that you guys can collab in
Subway right it's not just for Content
creators there's always a a lead-in so
solute X right might be like a
um way to follow up on a convention or
somebody that you saw somebody like hey
I saw you here which immediately creates
that warm thing question on Partnerships
or question on partnering right I
actually like that better just reviewing
my notes
um or or like collaboration any of those
words they're strong verbs that'll
get you there
uh next is like I made products looking
for opportunities with name so this
could be like I made this YouTube
channel I made this product I made the
service
um let's say that you have an actual
offer for somebody then I really like
this email this is the email template
that we use or the subject template that
we use uh to send out offers and we get
a huge amount of responses from creators
it's typically notoriously hard to get
in front of creators but we do this
almost flawlessly because we just say we
have a brand offer for let's say
seventeen thousand dollars for your
channel and that's it like it's there's
no Mark like so many of the emails that
I get are like stupid partnership
opportunities or whatever that end up
just being affiliate stuff I'm just
going to tell you the amount of money
that we're offering you
um if you have some kind of deal like
this then that's the best way to
approach this uh I love brand I'm a
YouTuber looking for an authentic
partnership I really like this so this
is for people that are content creators
where
um if you are like a content creator
that is using a brand every day then you
can think about that from a lead
generation standpoint oh like these are
people that I could go Outreach to and I
could like um partner with they could
sponsor my channel great okay okay well
then I love this brand and I'm a
YouTuber looking for authentic
Partnerships it tells you straight up
you'll see that all these follow these
rules we're just stating very clearly
what the partnership of brand
opportunity is if it's a cash
opportunity we're stating that we're not
using any overhyped language we are just
being super real right we're in front of
a human a human is reading this email
they are getting dozens and dozens of
chat GPT generated emails per day that
are rocket ship emojis and and like
looking for the next way to grow your
it's like I don't care I get literally
dozens and dozens of these emails I
don't respond to a single one they're
obnoxious I hate them most people at
high level positions that have too much
to do have a lot of money to work with
are thinking the exact same thing I love
brand looking to partner with you again
just a very simple thing maybe you're a
product or service so um I think you
could collab with my company X or my
product X right this very simple here is
what we want to do okay and that should
cover your subject matter pretty well
um as long as you follow those rules and
use some of those examples so then we
get into the most important part which
is going to be the body of the email
right so the body of the email is going
to be the core of your message
um one last thing on subject real quick
because it pertains to body
don't worry too much about your subject
a lot of people think that the subject
is going to be the thing that people
um like like a bad one like a really
inauthentic one can stop somebody but
most people will take the time to click
onto your email and read the first
couple of sentences
um so don't worry too much about your
subject like you'll probably get through
so we have a couple of rules for the
body and I'm going to tell you what
those are right now uh just like we had
a couple rules for subjects so the first
one is going to be
your first sentence creates a warm lead
what does that mean it means that going
back to the subject and how we talked
about that
this sentence is going to be something
that connects you to this person that
you're emailing and makes them feel like
you have not sent an automated templated
email but that you are actually emailing
them okay
there are people that try to Game This
and like uh people that are blasting out
to creators or something like for
agencies and they say I watched your
latest video I loved it I know that's
 right away right so I watched
your I watched this thing or I saw the
latest thing you did with your company
um I loved it don't ever do that don't
ever like like don't try to circumvent
this process and say oh I can apply
Devin's framework and I'll send 100
emails because I'm really smart and
Devin didn't think of sending 100 emails
templated with all of these custom
values and Fields bro I know every time
that you do that okay I have thought
about that and that is why I've set up
this marketing and the sales process to
be very simple very limited number of
people and highly personalized all of
those templated fill in things you can
just tell every single time no matter
how many like Alpha variables you have
from whatever you want to research what
this person is doing what these people
are doing as a company and you want to
say hey like this moment that you just
created really reached out to me and was
the reason why I'm emailing you I came
across this by researching your website
just be honest right I like in the case
of like a Path of Exile or something
like I love your game I have 4 000 hours
on it um I just want to do a partnership
how do we make this happen is a really
great
um powerful way to start an email
something attached to you to this person
in some way and tells them that you're
not blasting these emails out uh short
anecdotal stories are good so your first
sentence is eager to see as we do the
templates uh it really is just the the
warm lead it just kind of creates the
association this is a human this is not
a templated email I'm going to read on a
lot of people say oh you should put your
highest value statement up here I should
disagree with that I think the first in
this world in this day and age the most
important thing to qualify is that
you're actually like a real human being
that intends to work with them and not
like some fake person so do that okay
but right after that we are gonna
actually have our value proposition so
your next statement after that is going
to be your value proposition your value
proposition is going to mean a
straightforward statement of what your
outcome is in this email okay so you
just you just straight up are going to
say what you want to do does that make
sense so like your next statement is
just going to be
here is what I'm after it's going to be
this is why I'm emailing you I I wrote I
wrote a YouTube channel I want to do a
partnership I own this company and I
think we could do a club together you're
going to see some examples of that as we
go into the examples below but that's
the next one
um your third statement after that is
going to be support
which is a supporting and qualifying
statement for your outcome here which
says this is why I am qualified to make
this value proposition to you so either
it could be that you have X number of
subscribers it could be that you've done
X number of Revenue whatever is relevant
again you're going to see this in some
of the examples
um your next statement after that if you
need it
is going to be support or storytelling
for this statement here
following that your last statement is
going to come with a close and next
steps and is going to reaffirm your
outcome and that's it that's all you're
going to do every one of these uh
statements has one to two sentences Max
so ideally you don't even need this this
section right here if you do really need
to support it like remember like more is
less than all these your first sentence
is gonna create a warm lead the maximum
for your warm antidote is going to be
one to two sentences again your value
proposition is going to be another one
to two sentences typed on a separate
line so here is one to two sentences
of we got to get the default font up
here
one to two sentences
of
intro warm lead
space space new paragraph one and two
sentences value prop space space new
paragraph one to two sentences support
space space last statement close
next steps one or two sentences maximum
amount of sentences in the if you have
to add another one it's what's to say
it's two four six eight for another
support and then ten no more than ten
sentences and that's a lot okay so ten
sentences and that's a lot don't
um overwhelm them don't send a bunch of
BS all that stuff is just like too much
okay all right so that is going to be
your body structure again you probably
don't need your storytelling but maybe
in like some instances you do and
actually I'm going to use a an example
of that where you you might actually do
that okay all right so we're going to go
into
um two types of emails the first one is
going to be advertising a brand so this
is for your content creators and then
the second one is going to be a outgoing
relationship for a business that's
trying to partner with another business
or you're trying to sell a product or
service and that should cover like
basically everybody all right so this is
an email that I wrote for this we're
gonna go over it um it's going to be
completely
explained and we're going to go through
the rules
starting here okay so subject matter is
going to be hey Brand I love this
product and I want to advertise it on my
social I chose official supplement that
I have in the refrigerator that I've
used for a bunch of years and so this is
just the one that I'm going to do now in
this instance I'm a content creator of
some kind and I'm trying to outreach for
a sponsorship here okay so hey Nordic
Naturals I love this product like I said
the vitamin D3 or vitamin or the fish
oil supplement I want to advertise it on
my YouTube channel or whatever okay
that's a subject line uh end all right
intro warm lead how did we get connected
and what's the and what's going on hey
no neck Naturals again I'm using their
um their name here just to sort of
qualify that I am not sending the
template of email but of course I could
have plugged that into a field so I'm
I'm not sure they're convinced right yet
okay so then I'm going to use my first
sentence here and this is going to be
the real warm lead I started using your
official supplements three years ago
which implies it's been a long amount of
time that I've been using this I can't
believe how much has helped my joint
pain so I'm just saying that they have
resolved a personal issue and solved a
personal problem with me and this
obviously at this point being read by a
human is like well this is not a GPT
email this is not a templated email that
is a pretty specific thing that that
person could do sure they could have
templated it probably not I'm going to
read on right thank you for creating
such an awesome product two sentences
we're done we've qualified ourselves as
a warm lead second I run a YouTube
channel this is our value proposition
okay so this is this is the proposition
where this is what we're going to do
this is our outcome
I run a YouTube channel 180 000
subscribers I put the link every time so
I it could be 180 it could be 60 000
doesn't really matter that talks about
health and wellness so
every word that I've crafted here is
deliberate to try to teach you about how
to write these emails I run a YouTube
channel with 180 000 subscribers it's
right that your value prop right now
you've stated exactly what you're
worthless like you said this is this is
my product this is my service this is
what I have and it talks about health
and wellness by the way which is
something you do right you're you're a
company that does fish oil supplements
so you're interested in health and
wellness too there's a there's a warm
lead being generated there right we're
supporting because remember this is a
value prop everything is a support for
the last sentence this is a supporting a
statement for the top level intro one
lead here hundreds of people
uh this is actually uh just a little bit
of a stronger thing instead of there's
hundreds of people who hundreds of
people have asked makes the sound more
certain more affirmative
if I have a sponsor to support me but I
haven't found one I believed in until I
thought of you so what does this say
this says that there are literally
hundreds of people out there that are
waiting to buy something hundreds of
people have asked if I have a sponsor to
support me I haven't found one I really
believed in suggesting hey I'm not just
like a
um run-of-the-mill kind of guy uh you
know I'm not just like a you know back
alley guy that takes any sponsorship
that he gets offered I really believe in
people and I thought of you specifically
right because you helped me with your
joint pain very powerful we're already
into like a really powerful statement in
the sales process
I would love to discuss an ongoing
partnership with you to support or
sponsor videos for my channel alright so
here's the outcome statement supporting
what we wanted to do here with our
outcome statement
um we already stated our outcome is to
get sponsored here we're just
reinforcing that making it very clear
again no BS no marketing over hype just
like super straight in the forward
language I would do 60 to 90 second
inserts talking about my authentic
experience with your supplements in
exchange we could establish a fair CPM
we agree on based on how many views the
videos get so this is a statement that
really kind of disqualifies that you
know what the you're talking about
many many people that are creators have
no idea how to like price things or like
to sponsor things or like what that
would look like and they they think that
they can lean on the sponsor or the
company to solve this problem like oh
well as long as I get the brand on the
line they'll they'll know what to pay me
but like maybe this company has never
done any influencer marketing they might
have any they might have no idea like as
a Creator like how that process even
works so you just very simply State like
no I'm gonna do a like a 90 second ad
I'm going to talk about my authentic
experience very powerful right with your
product and your supplement and we can
establish like a fair CPM per a thousand
views on how many views the video gets
like maybe it's ten dollars maybe it's
15 whatever you feel right but this
clearly establishes you as an expert it
um
also like puts you in the top one
percent of people that understand
like how to structure one of these deals
which if you have watched my content
like you might be like well Devin I
don't know how to stretch one of these
deals come on I have tons of videos on
patreon about this tons of videos on
YouTube you can go back you can look at
exactly how to structure one of these
deals I literally tell you how to price
YouTube deals in several of my videos
and if you don't know like you can just
guess you can just say like look like
maybe a 15 CPM is fair and then like did
you feel like at the end of that
activation that you got overpaid
underpaid like you could just do this
like like don't
um rely on like two things like don't
copy and paste this exactly and write
this exactly out to everything you
haven't learned if you do that like
go think for yourself like take the time
and use these templates these structures
and build it out in the same exact way
do your own deal for Don't Be Afraid
nobody knows anything there's no
there's no like rules in business or
whatever if you get overpaid okay great
you learn to listen if you get underpaid
you learn a lesson two who cares just
like maybe it's ten dollars maybe it's
15 let's go do something right the whole
process of this outbound email is to go
do something go put something out into
the world every single day even if it's
only one two three times and get
something back so don't be afraid of
this section it's the scariest section I
know for a lot of people that's why I'm
stopping on it but just don't worry
about it it's it's fine
um take a guess like typical cpms for
YouTube are anywhere between 15 to 30
there you go just establish the pick a
number between that range you're good to
go if this works for you we could start
with a test video so again supporting
this statement here this is my fourth
supporting and last supporting statement
I'm saying we can start with the test
video my next video is scheduled for May
2nd I'd love for you to sponsor it right
so straight up it's April 24th as of the
time of this filming
um I'm gonna have another video in about
seven days this gives them a sense of
urgency it gives them a sense of wanting
to partner with you fast and get this
done and it seems like it's really easy
to do right because you told them
exactly how you're gonna do it like this
this is like literally the feeling that
they should get is like man I'm just
like one term sheet away from doing this
yeah sure I'll throw five thousand bucks
of this or whatever sounds like really
easy to do and I'm down to do it this
person has all this stuff figured out
they've solved every problem for me in
the email if this works for you could do
his next video next video is scheduled
May 2nd I'd love for you to sponsor it
please please get back to you me and
when you have a moment and we can
discuss it
thank you for making such a high quality
product I've been looking years for so
again name and Link so again reinforcing
that personal feeling
um and again we could have gotten way
more personal with this if I just taken
a little bit more time like um I'm
looking forward to the next supplement
you're releasing because you did some
work on their website you found out that
in three weeks they're releasing X
supplement which would be by the way
even a better warm week because you
could say my um we could start with a
test video I would like to talk about
your next upcoming product this product
that I see is releasing in two weeks
amazing right like you've just shown
this person that you care this person
would be crazy not to respond to your
email and it's just it's such a powerful
thing so uh for all y'all content
creators that are out there trying to
wonder like how you get sponsors and how
you do things um you do not need to hire
an agency you do nothing to like hire
somebody to do it you can just do this
yourself to send One A Day In addition
to all the consecration stuff you do
should be very easy and man you get one
partnership a month like you're gonna be
rolling after about three or four months
you won't believe where you're at it'll
be amazing but what if you are a
business who
um is like trying to find clients or
you're trying to get Partnerships or
things like that well no worries I have
the email for you because I am going to
copy and paste an email that I literally
did
um to
dark and darker which is a game
being released by any Studio
here we go
what was the font here at 24. put it
here for consistency
and the subject so I had reached out to
these guys on Discord
and my objective was to
establish a partnership with them
I'm just gonna go find my subject
because for some reason I didn't so the
subject is
looking to help
from Devon agency owner in DND Discord
so I reached out to them via Discord I
added one of the admins and said hey I
want to help you out but I can't contact
you they said send me an email at this
address with a personal DM
and so I'm just uh the subject here I
get to do a warm lead because I'm just
saying uh like hey this is the guy that
outreached from so I'm just saying I'm
very clear uh and then um up here if you
don't like this subject you know you
could just use any of these templates or
examples all right hey Brandon Davis so
in this case it was
um the name of the admin uh and I said
hey I'm this guy so I like to do this
because I am establishing Authority
right away uh so I usually like link a
Twitter or like a YouTube now I have the
ability to do that but if you have some
kind of authority with like a website or
like a big thing you can always link
this
um uh I might stop doing this I actually
used to this because it was verified
um so it showed that I I was it's
actually annoying that that's not the
case anymore so maybe
um I I have to rethink how I do this war
Metro but I you know include something
to do some kind of like warm intro I
read a North American brand marketing
agency in the USA so just very clearly
states what I do
um we run marketing campaigns for Brands
around the world I also lived in Seoul
for a year when I ran in the Esports
team called counterwajit gaming um this
is my resume here at this link why is
this relevant so this is our value
proposition our warm lead so um why did
I say this well because dark and darker
in this case is a Korean company based
out of Seoul and one of the big concerns
of uh Korean companies is that typically
agencies that Outreach them don't really
understand Korean culture they don't
really understand that there has to be a
there's this kind of a Chasm between
like Korean Gamers and and um and North
American Gamers and they're not going to
feel like that's the connection there
now I state that I lived in Seoul and I
read an Esports team
um there because those are themes that
with for Koreans that are very um as
Korean Gamers that are are really
positive so it's like oh man you ran an
Esports team which immediately
establishes Authority that you ran
something before and you were in Seoul
so I'm looking for the warmest possible
lead now again this would be completely
different for someone else that I
Outreach to This is highly personalized
right
um so this the state the fact that I
read at Esports team I wouldn't ever I
wouldn't almost ever say that I ran an
Esports team but here it's actually
relevant because most Korean game
Ministry knows exactly what Esports is
knows that there is a pretty important
tag on it and that a person living in
Seoul immediately creates that warm lead
so I've never met this person before
right my only interaction with them was
a asking them for their email on Discord
um and I qualified myself completely in
this uh first sentence
anyway I'm reaching out to you to
connect with you and your marketing team
to talk through your marketing strategy
for the US and see if I can help so
again this is now the second part which
is our statement our value proposition
um I have added some of my value
proposition in the first part just by
saying like I random Market agency
um now I want to now I'm going to do my
supporting statements okay it's
difficult to convey my passion for dark
and darker and not come off as salesy so
this is kind of authentic
um vulnerable these are really good
themes that work in sales we run
influencer marketing campaigns for
companies in exchange for a percentage
of total advertising spent which tells
them exactly what we do we've worked
with several Fortune 500s and game
Publishers from Activision to Ubisoft
and more so this statement here is a
unique qualifying statement for this
particular brand I work with all kinds
of Brands right not just gaming
influencers or gaming influencing Brands
I work with um Health companies I work
with all kinds of companies this would
be completely different I wouldn't say
game Publishers from Activision Ubisoft
I stated these names because this is a
unique this is something unique to that
business right so they they know Ubisoft
they don't division they know if we've
worked with the deals before they know
that we're a legit gaming industry they
don't care about the fact that we work
with uh athletic greens or or
um uh some like Health company or
whatever they don't care about that
um but I put five F 500s which means
like there's some established we've done
some Authority there and then
immediately for my supporting statements
I say there's a few ways I can help and
this the four buddies a little bit
different here because there's actually
a space here Consulting and connects I
can help you understand influencer
pricing paid activations and I have
direct warm contact with almost every
top 500 twitch or YouTube influencer we
are also able to represent and sell for
twitch itself as an agency and connect
you with the right people to do drops
twitch extensions cosmetic campaigns Etc
again highly personalized if I am a game
company I am absolutely looking to
understand things like drops I'm looking
to do things like marketing and twitch
because that's where my game came up I
know that dark and darker came up from
people like Sodapop and playing it and
then it became very popular through
twitch so they are very interested in
twitch they probably have no idea how to
activate on it I know exactly how to do
that so I'm putting that up front as
this is what my value statement is if
you're looking to put a budget to
influencers or paid media my team can
run that process or help do so we would
uh this is uh I'll explain this a minute
we would wave our fear don't interfere
to a charity of your choice there's a
lot of predatory costs especially if
you're working overseas for the first
time that I can sort you through so
again I'm identifying a problem that
they very likely have which is man we
have no idea what to do in the North
American market so like like there's a
lot of predatory stuff that could happen
a lot of bad stuff could happen if
you're working overseas we're familiar
with that again I worked in Seoul right
establishing that warm connection
okay so um let's talk about this next
section real quick I want to make it
clear that I don't want to charge for
any of this this isn't about money I
won't charge later no sales tactics here
I've only said a couple emails like this
in the last 10 years because something
like uh sometimes I see a product that I
really want to see succeed uh DND is
that game and I want you to be
successful as possible so this is true I
actually have no intent to charge them a
dime now what ended up happening with
this email is they got back to me
immediately
um the legal problems the dark and
darker is having cause a marketing
campaign to be impossible right now and
I don't want to say much too much more
about that um because we we talked back
and forth and I kind of understand where
they're at so I'm not going to say
anything more about that but suffice to
say that I um I don't want you to be
turned off by the fact that I offer my
services for free here because this
exact template works fine if you just
remove this part okay so um it doesn't
matter that I said that this was for
free or not and by the way it's not a
bad idea to take on passion projects
every once in a while because usually
you can say at the end of it hey if
would you recommend me to like one
person that you know and like maybe this
single you know sort of charity event
that I'm doing because I'm actually she
legitimately passionate is my end to
like multiple South Korean developers
and companies that no other agency can
get because they didn't make this
personal connection and I also feel like
because this is an overseas client they
might be afraid of like
um handling a North American company and
and I want to remove as many barriers to
that as possible so I also see this as
like an opportunity to sort of um get
into the the north the South Korean
market and I'm and the Asian market I'm
not too worried about like making money
off of it and I do that pretty often
um where I'll like like I'll wave a fee
or like a lot of times like if I'm
negotiating a contract on behalf of a
um of an influence or something I'll
just say hey as long as you tell
somebody else about this
um I don't care let's do it for free or
I'll offer to donate for charity like
whatever my price would have been
in the case of like very successful
influencers
foreign
so
um I want to keep going on this for a
second it is not necessary that you do
this though like I'm teaching you to
write an email that you are intending to
get your service charged for and paid
for so you should describe your service
in these ways and try to solve the
problems that they have that you think
they have that you've done by research
again highly personal and you can just
remove this section and you know you
could just say a week to start here and
say if you need Dex Agency information
examples of our work please let me know
let's do a phone call and see if I can
help I'm available in kst times so again
just identifying your Korean company I
respect that I can be there anytime 1am
for them is like 7 pm here no problem
um like we'll sorry what I am here is
like 7 P.M there or like like uh we can
make it work right just again I'm
acknowledging you're a Korean company
I'm acknowledging you have these sort of
unique uh things and I'm I'm here for it
I'm personally here for it I'm making
them feel connected
um so I just want to select this email
because I feel like this is a very
difficult email to write it has a lot of
um uh I like and to teach you that like
matter what you could do you can connect
some kind of storyline you could connect
some kind of Storytelling to the company
that you're reaching out to most of
these people you're reaching out to for
like actual Partnerships are probably
companies that you already know or have
some like viability to work with like
you're a hardware developer you're like
a hardware producer for like headsets
and you want to talk to Razer or
something to do like a custom one like
right like there's like a connection
there already it's like I've used your
products for three years it's gonna be
awesome
um please let me know if you have
availability for a call I'll sincerely
try to make it worth your time it would
be honor to help such a great Studio
your mission and your game I did this
because iron mace has a unique mission
to try to um
uh
bring like the OG feeling of gaming back
into the community so I just referenced
that mission right here that's on the
front of their website didn't take me
that much time to know this stuff I
didn't have to like this may look like
an email to you that I spent dozens and
dozens of hours doing research nope I
just read their website I looked at
their mission on the about us page
um it happens to be that I understand
this because I really like this game and
I played it but the amount of research I
did to actually figure out the dark and
darker like had this Mission and had
these needs like so they're a South
Korean company they don't have any
presence in the United States they don't
know really what they're doing overseas
and they have this Mission okay that's
like really all that I referenced and
the rest of it was like my personal
anecdotes and stories wouldn't have
mattered if I didn't run a Esports team
or or um or or didn't live in Seoul I
could have been like hey I'm interested
in um Korean culture I absolutely love
XYZ Korean barbecue is my favorite food
whatever right like like funny anecdote
anything like that it just works so I I
like you don't need to be so it's like
great Devin of course you can write an
email that you read in Esports team blah
blah like I can't do that no no like
this just happened to be something that
was a personal idea a fine thing I could
even say well instead of I ran the
Esports team my favorite team is SK
Telecom I love Faker I love this
whatever okay like connection you do not
need to have like like this huge resume
to do this of course it helps right I'm
not gonna like BS you and be like oh
yeah but but like you do not need to to
have this to to successfully sell you
just don't you could be a you could be a
total nobody and have zero followers and
if you come off with like passionate
emails like this you are going to
absolutely crush it and you will not be
a nobody for long like you you will like
you will build these relationships and
like I I just cannot believe that at
like a like a two per day scale I've
never met anybody that has uh not
successfully implemented these
techniques and got like one deal a month
which would change your life you know at
a certain deal value would change your
life if you were to do that okay so um
that is the whole structure don't game
the system uh don't use GPT don't try to
get around this uh that is you being
afraid to run your business and confront
people which is what you need to do to
be a successful salesperson you need to
go learn this process you need to write
the emails don't like don't be like oh I
don't know how to do lead generation I
don't know how to go find the right
people like dude what are you passionate
about what do you love what like what
products you use every day think it
through you're a business right what are
your who are the people that can help
you up your business like what
collaborations do you need to do what
relationships do you need to do to
increase the tdv of your business this
is the work that you got to do you got
to put your mind into that place and
build on your business you you can't
have people do this stuff for you don't
automate this process don't hire a sales
guy you need to be doing this even if
you're the CEO as a CEO of kind of
watching gaming with 100 employees I
still did one of these every single day
I will do it till the day I die or I
stop running companies write a email
like this it helps you understand your
product helps you understand your
service helps you understand how to
communicate with people it will
challenge you to get on phone calls with
people and qualify your product and as
you learn about what they want and what
problems they have you will also learn
how to better develop your product and
your service to be able to fit those
needs and that is literally how you
build a business it's like this is like
the number one thing you can do to build
a business if you're a content creator
you need to get in front of sponsors you
need to talk to them you need to see
what they're interested in you see what
they're priced in you need to write one
of these every single day now if you're
a content creator that is just getting
started you've got you know 100
followers you're below I'd say you know
50 000 Subs on YouTube and you're below
you know X number of like twitch viewers
like 500 or whatever you need to be like
grinding to be working on your content
don't worry about sponsorships as I've
said in like a multiple different videos
right that you just you just don't need
to be doing that you need to be working
as hard as you can on actually creating
so that you can later write emails like
this so this is not something that like
blanket for the people that are just
beginning if you're a business owner
though and you're trying to sell a
product or service let's say you're a
um
like a cookie company and you're trying
to get into cafes and coffee shops and
things like that well you need to be
doing this immediately right you're like
even though you have just started out uh
setting up those relationships and those
high value like getting into retail
stores maybe you're an apparel company
can I email some retail stores
um can I get in with these people can I
get this influencer to like sometimes
you're gonna do this the opposite can I
get this influencer to Hype my product
if I send them a bunch of stuff ask ask
ask learn about the problems that people
have learn about how to solve them and
then um go forth and do it and this will
change your business it will change you
completely you will get more sponsorship
opportunities you will you you cannot do
this forever and not get a yes it will
just keep happening but you will learn
so many important skills by doing this
this is the Jiu Jitsu this is the the
ground pattern of running a business
when everybody is talking about on
Twitter their hustle and they're running
a business the real ogs and the real
people are running outbound emails good
luck
