okay hello i want to talk today a little
bit about selling and how to sell and
sales in general so i think that selling
is probably one of the most important
skills that you can learn and pretty
much everybody should go through a
high-powered sales job at one time in
their life this is a lot to ask of
people and i realize that this might
come off as a surprise and i i don't
generally recommend this kind of thing
a lot of these kind of things is like
blanket type of stuff there's very few
things i think like our skills that
people should learn no matter what like
i think there's like meditation there's
like some form of like martial arts or
conflict what resolution and like as far
as like business skills go the one i'm
going to start with for um this this
type of talk is sales i think sales is
super duper important because it teaches
you conflict resolution it teaches you
confrontation which many people in
business can't uh
can't deal with uh it teaches you how to
write it teaches you how to develop
conversations with people especially
people you may not have rapport with and
there is just so many aspects to
business that i think come down to sales
sales to understand sales from a sort of
macro perspective every single company
comes down to sales and if you can sell
which means like you can get a product
or service in another person's hands and
get somebody to pay you for that if you
can sell you can do anything it doesn't
matter what
and so for this reason um applicable
sales knowledge is something that you
can always
go to a business with like ultimately if
everything else that i have in my black
book of skills fails my selling
knowledge will carry me to a 100k year
plus job right because i can prove i
have a track record of selling products
or services whether it be
and the more diverse you get in that
point the better so i've sold everything
from direct deals i've sold i've sold
rfps contracts influencer deals i've
sold merchandise directly or my own uh i
just have a huge list of just stuff that
i've gotten people to buy from me for
okay and it's and it's because um i'm
gonna i'm gonna try to talk a little bit
about like the importance of that and uh
also give you guys some techniques about
like how to be better salespeople in
this talk so first of all
um the very first sales position that i
ever worked was for a bank security
company they it was basically a
glorified version of google you could
use to
google
you could use the the search engine and
you could look at like semi background
level checks on potential clients that
you're going to operate with as a high
level so if you're bank of america for
example and you want to find out how
much of a risk this person is then this
would be like sort of a risk assessment
that would try to find out as much
information that sort of publicly and
semi-privately available about this
person to assess uh if they are a good
potential client for a
degree of high-level transactions at a
bank and this would prevent like a lot
of um
risk-related expenses and was
particularly relevant to like risk
departments or fraud departments of
various banks so i would call
50 people on the phone every day with a
script looking for credit unions looking
for banks looking for vps at different
levels however high level i could get
and i had to go through gatekeepers it
was the only time in my life that i was
doing monster energy drinks and i was um
and i was uh trying to figure out like
how to uh
like keep awake and like make phone
calls just pounding the phone six days a
week like um just uh you know monday
through saturday excluding federal
holidays because banks aren't open and
uh just trying to get sales trying to
sell a product which was uh
a
a flat price and then like a
subscription service so that job taught
me so many things and one of the
phenomenal things about sales positions
is that the the vast majority of sales
positions can start at entry level so
pretty much anybody can go over to a car
dealership and you can join um you can
you can go there no matter what kind of
skills you have people will they'll take
you in because you'll get paid minimum
wage and then you'll be based on
commissions so this is a great
opportunity to learn in a high-powered
environment any kind of cold calling or
insurance sales any kind of thing like
where you're in a call center is really
entry level and so anybody that is in
their like low 20s or even higher and
you're just looking to try to like learn
the skill can take a part-time or
full-time commission based position and
what i would say is
um many people look down on sales jobs
because they pay very low as a base rate
um and they pay very high for people
that are rewarded and they also have
what what many would consider to be
predatory commission structures for
people that are sales people what i
would say is that the way to approach
sales positions is not like i'm going to
make the most amount of money possible
because you're always inevitably going
to be making more money for whoever
you're working for since the person that
you're working for has done a
calculation um where they understand
their roi and can pay you a certain
commission against like whatever their
earnings are right so they're always
gonna be making more money than you
obviously and many of these like larger
companies
are selling contracts where like you
might get paid minimum wage and get a
small bonus commission for selling some
kind of insurance but they might have
made a million dollars selling a policy
on you so
there's all kinds of um
it's not really a great like ultimately
if you're a very good sales person you
can stay in sales all your life and make
a ton of money particularly if you're
working at a
a at a like i'd say like a small to
medium-sized company level so
sales people within our agency for
example make quite a bit of money um and
and are rewarded handsomely for their
commission
as well as a pretty aggressive base
salary but that's sort of a higher level
of sales like you have to have some kind
of like established work and sales to be
able to do that i wouldn't be focused on
like oh i'm going to make a ton of money
in entry-level sales i would say that
you want to learn the skills learn the
script writing learn the copywriting
learn how to maintain clients learn
learn how to follow up learn outbound
learn
how to look at different places like
craigslist and uh and uh like if you're
in like the used car dealership like
business like can i look at like other
verticals like craigslist or things like
that to like try to sell if you're
trying to build a business or you're
doing like content creation like how do
i sell to a community how do i sell
directly to people that are my
subscribers that already know and i can
trust me and provide value to them okay
so that's like how to kind of think
about sales as like a learning
opportunity i'm gonna say again that i
think that every single person should
have some kind of sales job or
background for at least six months if
not like a year and that this is a
period of time in your life that you
will never regret for the rest of your
professional careers everything i've
done that's sales oriented has been
worthwhile and and the more that i spend
time
talking learning about sales and hiring
sales people and developing sales the
more
that i
um
find out it's important
okay so that said let's go over some
things that i think are
really important to sales well the first
thing and the core sales concept is
on any product or service right
sales is about
providing value
and i think there's an internal
calculation that you can make
which is
an roi calculation return on investment
of what how much x are you
multiplying
the cost
of your service or product so if your
product costs
a hundred dollars
are you giving two hundred dollars of
value 300 of value 400 of value five
dollars whatever you five vaccine what
right and as a general rule of thumb and
sales you always want to be able to
demonstrate
at least two times the value
of the product or service that you're
offering
so what do i mean by that so quite
simply if you pay five dollars a month
for this patreon i am fully confident
that you will get fifty dollars of value
out of it right um you can you can i i
think you'll actually for a lot of
people that are like business owners or
content creators or people like that
um you will get much more and uh up to
the many hundreds of dollars worth of
value i'm confident in that because i'm
providing videos and i'm providing
different services through patreon that
i'm very um convinced will will be
uh that will provide that kind of roi
this is business knowledge that you'd
normally need to pay hundreds of dollars
for courses for um and it's really rare
to get in front of somebody that's
actually a able to like
explain these things and and um and
learn it all in like one place so i i'm
very confident that value because
similarly like if you take up consulting
with me at 500 an hour which might seem
like a really high amount of money and
it is right i'm extremely confident that
for the clients that i take there's many
clients that i have to decline because i
don't feel this way but for clients that
i take they will absolutely get that
value back for example if an esports
client messaged me and says hey i'm
looking to hire out my first five people
um i think they should be these roles
like this this is actually something
that just happened to me right and i say
no no no like you should not do that
like you should be hiring these roles
first because i've been through that and
i know like exactly what those roles
that you should hire i've probably saved
that person fifty thousand to a hundred
thousand dollars of value in less than
an hour and ten minutes of telling them
something like that right and that's
just one example so you can save people
thousands and thousands of dollars or
you can provide thousand thousand
dollars of value it's not always
objective there's entertainment value
there's why can you provide more than a
movie ticket right probably um there's
different ways to calculate this value
but i always start my core sales
concepts with internal evaluation of roi
and if i'm not confident this is a
really important part if i am not
confident that i can scale
the roi return of my service or product
then i do not sell that product
so i'm going to repeat that because it's
very important if i if i am selling a
product or service and i do not feel
that i can get my roi back from my
customer i will not sell that product
that also means that if i am working a
job where the company that i'm working
provides a product or service that i do
not feel like provides roi i will not
work for that company and that's because
i don't think that that's a transaction
that you can ultimately ever parse i
think that you always have to create
value for your um for your for your
customer uh or this entire core process
breaks down it doesn't really matter
what else you do
sure there are different sales
techniques that some of which we'll go
over in this video that um
apply across the board but ultimately if
you're not providing that return on
value at least one to one right at least
if you're selling a product for a
hundred dollars they get 100 value out
of it if it's below that then i think
you're in the unethical sales like type
of pocket and i just don't think that's
good there's there's some people that
there's a lot of people that are there
right that are selling things that
aren't worth their value but i'm telling
you if you're going to build a business
or you're going to create or you're
going to do anything then providing roi
on the basis of like what you're
multiplying and thinking of things in
that way is the proper way to go you
will always make more money and you will
always be more successful in the end if
you think that way
so that's just my um like i think pillar
of any kind of sales concept
so from there there's gonna be
just a couple of things that i would say
as a kind of um breakdown real quick of
like what i would do
to be able to
improve your kind of sales strategy so
in every sales
conversation there's a conversation in
the head of the customer
and jay abram who's um he wrote a book
called um
everything you can getting everything
you can out of all you've got which i
think is one of the best sales books
ever written and slash marketing books
and in his book he exemplifies and he
exemplifies the situation where let's
imagine that you are in a hardware store
and you're working for a hardware store
a person comes into the hardware store
and they say
hey i want to buy a drill
okay and then you sell them a drill
and then you they leave
did you get a successful sale was that
some did you maximize that sale so you
got a successful sale but you didn't
necessarily maximize the sale well why
not well because you failed to interest
enter into the conversation in the head
of that customer you may think you did
but what actually happened was that
customer came in not looking to buy a
drill that customer came in trying to
make holes that was their objective so
there might have been a better thing to
sell them there might have been an
upsell to sell them there might have
been something that could have solved
their problem better and entering into
the conversation in the head of the
customer the conversation that they're
having internally about what they want
to do and why they're in that store why
they're buying that thing is the first
step of being a successful salesperson
so if you um go into if you are a car
dealer and
somebody comes in there are all kinds of
questions and conversations going on in
that person's head do i want an suv
versus a sedan do i want a car that goes
zippy and impresses my friends or do i
kind of want something more economical
because that's the stage that i'm in in
my life do i want something that really
really that is reliable or do i not care
about that and i'm okay you know fixing
an audi at 50 000 miles these are all
questions that you can figure out by
prospecting which is the second part of
a good salesperson prospecting is asking
questions to your customer
usually first
and really finding out as much as you
can what that person's internal
conversation is and what their goals are
before you ever do anything before you
ever sell anything because you might
have one product or service you sell and
then your job is to determine if that
product or service is correct for that
person or you might have multiple
products and services to sell and then
your job is to determine if all of those
are are appropriate and which one is
most appropriate for that person okay so
prospecting will help you get there
asking questions like so
what are you looking for today what kind
of uh using the car dealership example
um what kind of cars have you had in the
past what worked for you what didn't
right why um what are the types of
what's the what's the feeling you want
when you're in a car are you gonna be
happy with um
feeling like you've really saved a lot
of money um what like like what's a
great deal look like to you like is
there um like
there's all kinds of questions that you
can sort of um ask and you should have a
repertoire of these questions ready for
any kind of like sales position or thing
that you're doing
right um this is the exact same if
there's a content creators here like you
should have conversations ready for like
why people should subscribe to you or
why people should pay for a service for
you right like if i'm having
conversations about patreon and somebody
asks me like why should i pay 25 a month
for your for your patreon that's a great
question right well um there's a ton of
different ways that i can provide value
like what are you looking for you're
looking for business success you're
looking for entrepreneurship are you
looking for content creation they may
say something like well um i'm in the
field of uh pharmacology and i'm and i'm
just looking for like more information
about how to advance that field i'm like
well i don't provide that service right
that's not something that i do and and
that wouldn't be a sale and i'd be
totally okay walking away from that
because i would know that i saved that
person 25
and
and they i didn't get that 25 but that's
fine that's not value that i can provide
but maybe somebody's an entrepreneur and
they want to learn new strategies about
how to grow their business or maybe
they're a content creator and want to
learn more about the industry and they
say yeah i'm looking to grow my my
twitch broadcast or i started a business
a couple of months ago and i'm looking
to see how to take it to the next level
but it's absolutely something i can
provide it's worth 25 to you right and i
would explain why so yeah of course so
we put videos up all the time and do all
kinds of conversations and have guests
on and have a mastermind chat where we
talk about different um aspects of like
business creation and and i think that
would be really beneficial you should
give it a shot right so um having that
being able to enter into that
conversation and and understand the
value um is really important and then
i'd say so after you prospect um you
should have research slash ready for
common questions
because you're going to find
that the majority of the questions that
come up are going to be ones that are
typically repeated by most consumers um
these these will be the same concerns
every time somebody buys a car or sells
or or buys a particular product or
service or something like that
they'll have similar questions and
you'll be prepared and answer those in a
competent way that you can practice in
front of a mirror or something like that
and uh then i'd say you know just in the
context of all this um
i'd say solve a problem right this is a
really classic sales advice but i kind
of want to explain a little bit more
about like what it means when i say i
solve a problem i'm saying
um
you don't want to sell a product or
service from the standpoint of like okay
now this person has a product or service
you want to solve a problem that they
have so maybe their problem is that they
can't get to a to b with the car example
which i'll keep using but maybe their
problem is like
um i just don't feel
like a person
like i've been working a long time i've
collected a lot of money but i don't
feel like i'm represented in society in
a way that um
like really exemplifies my value maybe a
really like flashy sports car would do
that make me feel like incredible like
that that i worked for something that i
earned it right like finding that
conversation in somebody's head that's a
problem that they have and that's
solving that problem really good like
that's like like then you start like you
totally change your sales strategy right
because they may not care about um the
features of the car if it has a usb port
or something like that um
they might care about like how other
people look at it you can say look like
this is one of the most like
well-renowned like cars like people love
like seeing people in these cars tell
stories about that right storytelling is
very very important in sales
and um or it could be something like
when i was recently shopping for a car
which i think is why i'm bringing up
these examples so much um i just liked
android auto play
you know it's a service that comes
standard almost every vehicle and i was
like oh does it have this like can i
charge my phone and like put maps on
this and listen to music yeah great
right i care much more about like a to b
than i do like any kind of um
like like flashiness or something like
that and and so people will may surprise
you with their questions and and the
value that they have in their head may
not be related to like what you
determine that value to be so if you are
selling a 30 000 car like they may be
caring about a 15 feature that pushes
them over the edge so that's why it's so
important to enter into that customer's
head because like that that's like the
kind of um
that that's like a truly good sales
person like really understands what the
customer is after and then crafts their
messaging to meet that customer's needs
okay um so after you've researched uh
and you understand that um
let's see uh i want to go into just a
couple of um
like uh just like skills that you can
have that are related to sales
so i think uh number one is improv
classes
and this may come off as a surprise but
i think anybody that's like really
serious about entering into
conversations or wants to think on their
feet should take improv classes they are
phenomenal and they really teach you how
to like respond to things that you don't
expect
so improv classes are also something
that i recommend for content creators
full stop i think it's the
i don't exaggerate when i say this it is
the singular most useful thing that a
content creator could do to improve
their content which means uh to improve
their actual stage presence and their
entertainment value
improv is the best thing i've also taken
speaking courses and if you look at how
i speak now versus how i speak spoke
over
eight years ago it's completely
different like way less pausing way less
qualifiers that don't matter and much
more value now i'm conscious of how i'm
speaking so it's worse but you get what
i'm saying so improv classes like
speaking courses are very good
many people will always judge you based
on how you speak and even if you one of
the things that i have worked on a lot
is not just being an authority but
sounding like one
so i i think it's true that i know quite
a bit about these things but it's also
true that i sound like i know quite a
bit about it and so um i could probably
be saying there there's a lot of people
that have you ever seen those people on
youtube that just like they have like
seven skills to becoming a millionaire
and then it's all like none of
it like really applies all vagary it's
like oh like you know just really be in
the mindset of a rich person imagine
yourself already as a rich person right
it's like it's like suggestions like
that which have no value right like that
doesn't mean anything but they sound
like they know what they're talking
about get millions of views and upvotes
like i make sure that i actually have
substance behind what i'm saying but i
also know how to and i i'm very
good at like bringing up things that um
i i can make me sound like an authority
when there's actually nothing behind it
so improv classes and speaking courses
are how i got there and how you can too
uh the second thing i would say is
learning to build rapport which is
almost a
secondary of this but that's like um
can you relate to this person in some
way can you tell a story like for
example i was talking to a publisher and
they mentioned they were from san diego
i also grew up in san diego and just
like brought that up like immediate
report right we're both california dudes
so just kind of a nice thing um and i'm
not like intentionally looking to like
slide my way in like i'm trying to
legitimately build a rapport or
friendship with this person because i i
care about their value as a human being
right so i'm not talking about any of
these techniques as like ways to sell
something out from under a person like
no like if i'm interacting with someone
i want to genuinely build rapport with
them and add value to them right which
goes back to the core sales concept
concept above here
uh next to the skill is mirroring so
this is um something you may or may not
have heard of depending on like how
involved and self-improvement you are
but mirroring is a great skill look into
if you go into
youtube and type tony robbins mirroring
they'll have a talk about this mirroring
is when you are interacting with
somebody you can do this either a zoom
call or it's better in person and you
see how they are moving and how they are
interacting with you and then you try to
mirror them as you talk to them and
you'll think that they're going to
notice this in all my history of miriam
nobody's ever noticed and nobody's ever
brought it up even people who are
skilled at the process of marion will
not know um
so the idea is if somebody is sitting
and their arms are crossed and they're
like
i don't know what i want to buy i've
been at seven dealerships today i got
treated really badly and i just like
yeah i don't even know i don't even know
why i'm here right you're gonna want to
mirror some of that energy a little bit
and be like yeah man i don't i don't get
it man like i don't know what it is with
dealerships dude like like like every
time i try to go into one i was just
trying to buy a car the other day and
like they just totally ignored me like
they just don't need my service like and
right and then the customer will like
immediately understand in their mind
like oh yeah like that guy understands
me like right he's my energy right
because if you come at that person
you're like what you might be tempted to
do is be like okay um well no problem um
yeah like like we're a little bit
different over here like that that i'm
telling you won't build that rapport
right that rapport comes from that that
singular energy if somebody comes in
super excited like hey man i'm really
excited to be here like this is my
favorite car you go all right let's go
like i got a bunch of stuff for you
right maybe somebody comes a little bit
more calm like hey um yeah i'm just kind
of looking around like uh don't really
know what i'm looking for okay yeah well
we've got some options that maybe we can
show you right like immediately there's
you want that subconscious like uh
that that underlying level of like oh
like this person understands me like
this person is related to me and you can
try this out with people where if you
bring like a lot of energy into a
conversation which i'm apt to do when a
person is just not there they will
really
back off from that a lot
very quickly so miriam is a super good
concept and i i encourage you to i think
tony robbins has the best content on
miriam and i encourage you to look into
this it's generally a very good skill
for people uh overall um is this kind of
mirroring concept in fact all these um
concepts are
so um
miriam's really good and and matching
the energy of the person that you're in
and then after you do these kind of
things and you've you've sort of like
entered into that space you then go into
the the solving the problem part right
uh you could a lot of good sales people
they spend their entire time on these
three skills and then they don't even go
into solving a problem and they're fine
they get the sale because a ultimately
you want to buy from people you know i
can trust right so if you
really vibe with this person and and you
relate to them this is one of the
reasons why a lot of top streamers on
twitch or youtube uh i i think gets so
much support in the tens of thousands of
subscribers because a lot of the top
people like asthma gold or sodapoppin or
people that are these like are just kind
of like dudes like they're just kind of
gamers and and you just kind of relate
to them as like your own sort of thing
and in the same exact way if you can
relate to people
um
in in that you're that if you can find a
way to relate to the people that you're
talking to this is this is very good so
yeah i think that's all i want to talk
about with sales i think um these things
have sort of all of their own sections
within them but this gives you like a
really good primer in kind of 20 minutes
on like
what like how to get started on sales
i'd really think about the process and
i'll do more talks about this this kind
of thing but for now i think that's like
a really good intro to sales type of
thing
consider getting a sales position really
even if you think that it's not going to
be like a big money maker i think it's
one of those things that will multiply
your value over time and
if not then at the very least consider
taking on some of these skills and
researching more into some of these
things the tony robbins mirroring
reference is one of the ones i had and
another one is that jay abram book um
getting all you everything you can out
of all you've got you get on amazon for
10 bucks it's worth its weight it's in
gold it's it's thousands and thousands
of dollars in value one of the best
books i've ever read okay so hope that
helps talk to you again next time
