hello i want to talk about high-end
marketing funnels so the start of your
customer's journey to becoming a pain
person uh for your service or product or
whatever and so we're gonna talk about
uh high-end funnels here so i'm gonna
explain real quick what a funnel is
there's other uh there's other
videos about this have a big video on
funnels on the patreon
but uh we're gonna draw a little ice
cream cone
and then the uh we're gonna talk about
just like particularly this section of
the funnel which is like the very top
level here uh to be able to get people
into like services or products or things
like that because i've been listening to
some of the conversations that are going
on in like our mastermind chats on the
patreon and discord and just like some
of the ways that people are thinking the
majority of people are
thinking about monetization um which
which usually occurs down here like
you're usually going to get paid like
down here this is this is the customer
support journey right like so the
customer starts here at the top and goes
down
generally people are thinking about
monetizing their customer making more
money right
so they're thinking about the sort of
bottom of the funnel and i want to
challenge people to
think more about the top of the funnel
which is what we're going to talk about
today because right now it feels like
the majority of people are thinking
about
top end funnels by content generation
so
top end funnels
content generation so they think that if
they make youtube videos or they make
they do twitch streams that people will
pay for their product or services like
maybe you're if you're a content creator
you're thinking people will subscribe to
you or they'll support you monetarily
maybe you start a patreon or something
like that uh if you're like a business a
lot of people are trying to do
consulting or things like that and i i
think that
creating
so it is certainly true that um
creating content is is a legitimate and
effective way of driving users to
your stuff but it certainly isn't the
only way and particularly it isn't the
only way for
listen to this carefully for for people
that
don't have an established record of
establishing content so if you have
created content that people want to
watch and like maybe you're averaging
like 5 to 10k views per video or
something on your youtube then there's a
huge use case for you to be able to
convert that to sales or to services to
some level whether it's on a patreon or
it's on like some kind of personal
consulting or whatever but if you're not
that person and you're like making
you're like you know 500 to 1 000
subscribers and like your videos get you
know a few hundred views um
you're what you're actually trying to do
is you're you're trying to build two
businesses at once
your first business is your actual
content creation business right and then
your second one is your monetary your is
making money
off whatever
product or service you have and the
problem here
is
and this is true for businesses this is
true for content creators everybody
right like so
going back to this like funnel analysis
right um you're actually trying to build
two levels of a business you're trying
to build one right here but you're also
trying to build one right here so you're
trying to establish all levels of the
funnel at once and that's pretty hard to
do um versus like if you already have if
you if you already have a successful
content generation business
maybe you can focus more on monetizing
it so sometimes we have like people come
in that have grown a lot of followers
and don't know how to monetize well now
you're thinking about bottom level the
funnel um but i see a lot of people that
are trying to do both where they say
okay um i'm trying to make money and
build a content business and i need to
like back off from that because like
there's um there's probably no way that
you can you can do that you haven't
demonstrated value on either side so for
those people and for people that are
starting up businesses on that level i
want to recommend way more effective
top-end funnels in this video uh just
like just things that i think are just
going to be way better for people that
are small small entrepreneurs or people
that have like a few hundred followers
on youtube or twitch or whatever and uh
are trying to sell a product or service
because you have to realize that
it's um it's antagonistic that the two
those two things right so if you are
trying to build a
high value thing
then charging people for it especially
before you've demonstrated value for
that thing is a bad idea usually so if
you have a couple hundred subscribers
and you're saying i'm going to charge
consulting fees for like my top level
content or my bottom level content
okay you can do that right but like have
you really generated the use case and
like this is like this culminates in
like i'll give you like a perfect
example of what i'm talking about just
so i don't sound like so
esoteric right
one of the things that really drives me
crazy is the people that sell content
creation courses um i i will never do
this i will never sell a content
creation course no matter what i might
sell one on like better business or
entrepreneurship at some later date or
something i will never sell a
consecration course or or anything that
i that claims to make a person more
successful i will only sell a course if
i'm teaching a skill that you can
measure
you can measurable you can measure it
okay um it drives me crazy when somebody
sells a content creation course
and they haven't done it
like if you haven't had a stream with
thousands of people on it if you haven't
if you don't have a use case of like
actually building this why are you doing
it okay so right off the bat if you have
not like demonstrated value in your
ability to be credible you you can't
teach that thing you should not do that
right um you should create you should
create
products and services around expertise
that you actually have
that sounds like it's very intuitive but
it appears that most people have not
gotten that message um and let me tell
you the market will always suss you out
eventually right uh if you don't have
the expertise so
you should not try to
have your top level funnel be a
uh be content generation if you're not
already good at that so if you're
selling something like um
services as a lawyer right
you don't need to be a content creator
to do that you could be i was just
recently doing some consulting with a um
lawyer who does family law and she has a
pretty good brand and she's really
highly rated on a lot of lawyer websites
but she wants to reach out to more
people mostly to educate them and i
recommended that she actually start a
youtube channel and walked her through
that because for her
that exposure
was important but not necessarily would
lead to clients an already successful
business already has credibility already
has a lot of reviews content creation
makes sense right um and for a person
who's already established credibility as
a content creator making a paid service
makes sense right this is the reverse
okay so
um for people that are uh not proven
right
haven't created
a
successful
content brand
or
haven't created
a
highly regarded product or service
let me tell you how to start right i i
don't think it's in pursuing an
aggressive like youtube slash like
instagram like twitch
strategy i think you start off on using
platforms that are sort of made for this
service so let's start with like my list
okay and this is where like hopefully
like a lot of the value this video comes
in linkedin right there's nothing you
don't know if you you listen to my stuff
uh linkedin is a phenomenal place to
start things particularly consulting
services i need to make a whole separate
video on consulting actually um but uh
i'll give you like a really quick
overview here if you go to my my profile
on on linkedin you'll see that the top
of it
says that i'm
a
senior industry consultant
for the gaming industry and this kind of
pulls in people's search and i get a lot
of messages just off of this like a lot
of inmails where people um just like
message me and say oh like here's what
you do and then of course i have like a
google doc that they can go to and
access directly um to be able to find
out like more information about this and
i will make a separate video for patreon
that goes over these uh like like how to
do this uh for your own particular
expertise et cetera
so for linkedin it's very easy to update
your profile and then even do a little
bit of outreach to companies to see if
they need that service likewise um let
me give you some stuff that like people
haven't thought about as much so fiverr
for example is like a phenomenal place
to be for any kind of service-based
product business to get started uh gets
you one of like positive reviews gets
referrals gets reoccurring business no
reason not to post there uh likewise um
offer up right same type of thing uh and
then thumbtack
uh thumbtack and like likewise services
or services that like um you can like
find a local person in your area a lot
of people don't realize like maybe your
consulting service applies to everybody
but you still live somewhere right so
like it's possible that you could
leverage um
localized advertising with things like
thumbtack or things like that because um
a lot of people look for lawyers in
their area for example or they look for
service people in their area or
entertainment consultants in their area
um
that's something that you could
definitely consider if you're offering
up like some kind of like consulting
service or like some kind of like
entrepreneurship thing um you can always
think smaller we're in like a digital
world like thinking at scale but because
everybody thinks at scale nowadays a lot
of people underestimate the power of
like local advertising and that exact
same way you could use google seo right
where you could like register for a
google business everybody should do this
where you can register your consulting
services or like your um or like
whatever you're offering like whatever
your product offering is
um another one is like webinars
chatrooms and this is like really
general i don't think i like providing
value here so i'll give you like a real
concrete example and that's like running
twitter live events so twitter live
events um they have they're really
underused right now and they uh just
running like a maybe like a one-hour
event where people can join um and do an
audio call with a kind of a presentation
on something and maybe run those like
maybe three times a week or something
takes a little bit of time and i think
we'll get like a lot of new followers i
actually have gotten a ton of like
followers passively this is uh just
people following my twitter by hanging
out and places like that i was in a nft
call with garyvee and there was maybe
about 8 000 people there and i got like
300 followers on my twitter off of that
the people just like coming and checking
out my profile so that's a really good
way of discovery on twitter that people
are sleeping on right now is that
twitter live stuff reddit is another
really good one where you can
post really high value stuff in threads
and then uh in your actual profile that
people click through you can have like a
full consulting um like background
back-end so girls use this really
successfully so girls will post um like
uh not safe for work images and uh just
just like offer like some like catchy
title or something like that and then
they'll have a profi like their actual
profile will point to their only fans or
their fansly or like how you can engage
with them or their own website so in the
exact same way you can do this for
consulting services or expertise like
choose 5 15 to 20 subreddits where you
can go and you can like um you can prove
out your value there post like very high
value comments for free and then don't
even advertise yourself like you just
like wait for people to click through
your profile and and have a very easy uh
funnel for how people can get down to
like paying for your services and then
the other thing i would say is just
outreach right particularly like cold
email still very effective right just
reaching out to people and saying hey
like um
particularly people you can identify
that have a problem maybe you start
following the people that are directors
of a particular company on twitter or
facebook or wherever they are and uh
whenever they have a problem that they
tweet about say like hey i can actually
solve that problem like we want to talk
about that like that's an easy warm
intro there's and i would you know you
can you can kind of code this into your
your own practice and do this like three
or five times a day uh three to five
times like a day is really good rate
that's it three times a day even three
outreaches that are just cold asking
people will get you like a lot of
business and so at the end of the day i
i i really like these kind of things for
high-end funnel discovery than uh that i
like more than like content creation i
it bothers me that every single person
is like trying to become a content
creator including like people that are
running businesses trying to sell a
product or service with the objective of
becoming a content creator so that they
can push that product to service whereas
content creation is much more of an
artistic thing it's something that you
do because you are passionate about
doing it and you think that something
should be in the world that's not in the
world right now
um it does have a very effective
edge on when it's applied to business
but not necessarily for everybody and
also it's a very saturated field where
it's unlikely that people succeed so
um
i i i would caution people to think
about the money uh before they've
demonstrated value
and uh this and like obviously going
back to like the first thing that we
said which was like um
if if you haven't proven out that you
can create a product or service right or
like
our content like don't claim to teach it
because you'll go nowhere and you'll
also be like having too many um
too many irons in the fire it's much
more valuable to um use a platform or
use any of these suggestions and then
you can start demonstrating your
services and get good at them so i
didn't start consulting at 500 an hour
and i wasn't a 500 an hour consultant
when i started consulting i used
platforms like linkedin at much less
rates like a fifth of the rate
because i wanted to prove out my value
and now it's like really easy to see how
that's worth it right and i have so many
use cases or like case studies i can
provide to people so um oftentimes you
might like going on fiverr and taking
five jobs at fifty dollars an hour where
you normally would charge 150 or 200 is
a great idea because if you get those
five reviews and can put them in a case
study you can then pitch that up to
other people in outreach or on reddit
that credibility matters for a lot and
for a lot of people listening to this
you may not have established your
credibility yet and so thinking about
how you can establish your credibility
on these platforms is is really great uh
likewise if you sell like products or
things like that you don't need to go to
walmart right just go to etsy and just
sell stuff there um ebay things like
that and um establish credibility and
then use that credibility as a sort of
staircase to branch up to other things
and get people more to bottom funnel so
that's just some talk about high-end
funnels i want to give more ideas than
just content creation kind of drives me
crazy that all we talk about is like
building youtube channels and like
twitch channels and stuff like that it's
great um and the new media world
obviously is something i'm a big fan of
i've used it to build um a business and
or two i guess um or three
uh and it's highly effective but um
don't underestimate top end funnels and
other platforms particularly if you're
just starting out hopefully this helps
if it does let me know thanks well i
appreciate everybody listening bye
