all right so we got a question from
mastermind chat that i thought would be
really beneficial to kind of anybody
that is ever considering running a brand
or how to set up membership tiers uh
pretty useful to a lot of different
types of businesses so i wanted to cover
it here so the question reads i've been
overthinking memberships for my channel
i have most of it figured out but i'm
getting hung up on my highest here it's
going to be a group style mentorship
mostly zoom style hangouts that center
around everything in the window tenting
business i find these talks incredibly
helpful and valuable so it's well worth
100 a month to be in this program i'm
debating taking it off youtube to my
website and charging more for it but not
quite sure what i should charge for it i
like the idea of reoccurring group
program rather than doing one-on-one
consulting and these are examples of
in-person classes ranging from 2k for
three days uh but no mentorship no
mentor programs where you can actually
talk to people in the field okay
so uh i want to talk about just like
uh
pricing philosophy and things like this
for services so
the typical way that i will think about
pricing things
is i want an extremely cheap
or free
top of funnel so remember
um
if you go back to the patreon video that
i made about funnels
and we draw an ice cream cone
where
um
the top of the funnel
is the most amount of people
who are hearing about you
and the bottom of the funnel is the most
dedicated users um or people who like
are really interested in what you're
doing i talked about this in the context
of marketing and i'll talk about it in
the context of pricing here okay so it's
gonna be like kind of a different feel
i want people that are coming into the
top of the funnel to be the least
expensive options possible so uh
preferably free right so extremely cheap
free top of funnel option is the first
thing that i'll try to do for pricing
any kind of tiers right so um my my
tiers right for anything that i charge
for like on patreon five dollars for
every single patreon video basically
like the the bulk value is at five
dollars the people that are spending
more than five dollars are either doing
it because they have a they have
something in the the business world or
the gaming industry world they have
something invested in it where they need
to know or want to know more about that
but the problem gets solved for the vast
majority of people at the five dollar
tier or the free tier right on my
youtube which is the top top funnel so
like with my content this would be like
the youtube channel and then over here
would be like the patreon i'd say their
end funnel at that point so i'll put it
closer down here and then like down here
is like the mastermind tiers like that's
the maximum you could pay
um to support me right
now um i currently have a problem where
just at least in my opinion like that
like this tier here doesn't provide as
much value as these tiers up here and to
some extent that's okay because
uh people are cool with spending that
because they know that like the broader
the they understand that like the
broader
mission up here is like really important
and allows me to do this so they're
they're basically paying more because
they believe in what i'm doing which is
really cool but i'd still like to
provide them value in other ways so that
aside um
when you're thinking about pricing tiers
an extremely cheap free or top of funnel
option is great because i i don't
like the idea
of getting your absolute best content
about behind your most expensive options
um this is just a this is a sort of
philosophical opinion that i have where
like um if i'm going to put something
out on youtube
i put out the best i can do so i so uh
but if i'm and the way that i sorted
that out with with my own
service based content is
um i know that there isn't as much of an
audience or appetite for business or
like deep conversational type stuff like
this on youtube there's a presence for
it but it's not going to be as much as
as something like um
top streamers get banned because they're
streaming dmca stuff right so i will put
that stuff which is my best stuff in
that that appeals to a wider audience
out there and then i'll put my best
stuff here behind a small paywall which
is five dollars a month right which is
what you would have paid anyway to
subscribe to me on twitch and you know
twitch would have taken 50 to 70 50 to
30 of that right okay so extremely free
top of funnel option and then options
become more expensive as your funnel
deepens
and then options become
more expensive relative to your personal
time investment
so
this is the actual answer to your
question so options becoming more
expensive relative to your time
investment the what you the way that you
start pricing tiers
you're basically thinking about pricing
in terms of your involvement okay so for
five dollars a month if
10 thousand people subscribe for five
dollars a month or five people subscribe
for five dollars a month my time
investment in creating videos for them
is the same
so
therefore i will price a membership tier
extremely cheap because my actual time
investment doesn't scale with that
interaction but if i'm like on the other
end of that spectrum right so drawing
like a arrow here
where like we're going we're going two
ways right
so
on
this end of the spectrum
on the far right
is like the most time possibly i can
invest
and then over here in the green sorry
um
is the least time i can invest
your pricing moves proportionally
in the direction of more time
equals more payment
and the way that you solve how you price
individual membership tiers is you cut
sorry high level of membership tiers
right deepened in the funnel is you
figure out what your dollar per hour
value is
and that to me this the way i think
about that again there's a lot of like
really subjective stuff in this video
just things that i
think about
but um
i think about things like okay
at what rate would i be willing to do
something that i wouldn't otherwise want
to do so for example i don't
particularly enjoy one-on-one consulting
i like i it's it's typically not
something that i would like to do so i
set it at a very high value it's 500 an
hour right that is a price where i would
say okay i'll do it right um if somebody
wants to pay me that um they're usually
qualified companies that are really
gonna benefit from it uh and they're
gonna gain a lot so i will feel like i
contributed so by pricing at that tier
i'm doing two things i'm saying one i
will feel like i contributed personally
to this project which is really
important to me because i don't ever
want to charge somebody 500 and then not
help them that would be terrible for
them to waste that money it would set
somebody back so that's for example why
i don't accept certain uh content
creators at that tier of consulting like
small broadcasters or whatever um but
number one i feel like i've contributed
and number two i feel like my time was
worthwhile so if you'll want to price
yourself proportionate to one what
you're already earning right so don't
price yourself at a thousand dollars an
hour if you're earning if you have 10
members in your program right that
doesn't make any sense like you haven't
earned that so you have to have you have
to be introspective about this but at
the same time don't underprice yourself
to the extent that you feel like you're
doing a lot of work um
that that uh
that you didn't otherwise sign up for
the other thing i will say too is that
you can start your pricing lower and
then raise it later so it's it's very
easy to raise your prices by just kind
of like saying hey
um
i currently charged for this so let's
say you start at like 50 an hour and
then you you have more work than you
know what to do with well you can double
your prices and then maybe you lose 10
of your clients but you've earned
you know 180 of your revenue because 90
of the people are paying 2x more right
so that's an option that you can take
all the time if you're worried about
pricing your tears too low
i would say that at higher tiers you can
um you can probably go pretty nuts
so um
then there's also the matter of like
what your industry will pay right uh
so for certain things like and i guess
what i do would fall into the category
of self-improvement slash lifestyle
people are willing to pay an enormous
amount of money for this kind of thing
right and the reason for that is because
you can gain exponential value by the
knowledge that's offered so the person
that i often think about is tony robbins
tony robbins is a massive uh self-help
guru and and i think he's pretty much
the number one in the field and just
always will be
he's uh probably individually worth
about 400 million dollars but he has a
platinum program
that um
that uh
i i think there's five or six people in
it
and it's a million dollars a year so so
he charges a million dollars a year and
you get a pers like personal mentorships
now again he's following this formula
right so he's looking at that platinum
program is going to be his direct
mentorship and input i think you have
like a line to his cell you can bother
him whenever whatever that kind of thing
so he's pricing that extremely highly
and extremely limited so in the same way
you're going to want to like remember
the scale you're going to want to price
yourself proportional to um
the
amount of time
and effort you're putting in so if
you're willing so for example like there
there's other i guess like that has no
end the only end to that pricing is how
much you're willing to do so for example
i i could i could literally just set a
tier that would be like um i don't know
what i'd price for it maybe 10k a month
maybe more that's like call me or
message me whenever you want i will
personally shadow or mentor your
business right like and and help you and
like we will set kpis i'll consult with
your employees i could build a whole
package like that right but i don't want
to do that because my my perception of
my time contributing to novo or
contributing um to youtube as a whole or
whatever is greater so i won't set that
kind of tier but you might want to set
that kind of tier where um for a class
for example you charge like fifteen
hundred dollars for like a a three-day
seminar or something um
and uh
then you have like a personal mentorship
tier which is like an insane amount i i
i don't i think at the high end playing
around with like really insane numbers
in the service industry is something
that a lot of people are afraid to do
but there's no reason not to do right
because you get to see what the market
will pay and what it will tolerate right
so i've learned because the maximum
amount that i've priced in for
consulting is 500 an hour i've learned
that the market will tolerate that i can
actually get more business than i know
what to do with 500 an hour but is that
true at a thousand dollars an hour is
that true at ten thousand dollars an
hour i don't know because i haven't
tried it right and if i and were this my
primary means of convince i think i
would do that i would i would try like
way more um
way more aggressive service options
because i also would have the time right
i would also have the time to try those
things out so like yeah a ten thousand
dollar tier or like a five thousand
dollar per person probably more than
that like a 25 000 per person boot camp
where i fly everybody out to like lake
tahoe and we do like like an adult
training camp and like we go over
business goals and we build up like like
the mission is that everybody walks away
from that having some kind of like super
clear vision of like where they're going
to go and maybe we we we do like five to
15 people and they're all content
creators so those are those are things
you can explore so
um
at the same time there's a lot of a lot
to consider but that's because like
everybody's business is different right
and i'm giving advice for like a very
general like you everybody the service
company at the same time you don't want
to create so many options that you are
fatiguing people's decision making so i
think like a maximum of like
three to five tiers is good with the
first one and two being very accessible
or free and then the last one being
absurdly expensive and then the one like
before that being somewhere in between
that
as far as like what to charge for like
individual classes or offline membership
the real answer is what the market will
pay okay and i'll give you some general
numbers that you can go off of but i
think it's different per industry and
it's really different like per every
like no matter what you do um
people will pay anywhere between three
to five hundred dollars for a
well-designed course so um
i i've seen courses in the marketing
advertising world and i've paid for
courses upwards of like 900 to a
thousand dollars and it starts to get a
little bit iffy after that
i would justify like a three or five
hundred dollar course i would expect
like 40 to 50 videos homework a really
well-designed course from that um that's
all fine
as for like actual direct classes and
seminars that really depends on your
popularity like keeping in mind like
looking like at what some of the people
like tony robbins or
um these guys charge like for
uh
for their events like a like a upw like
unleash the power with them you could
probably buy a ticket for like 180 to
200 this is like an event with like 2
000 people but there are different tiers
of it right like so you can get vip
seating where you're guaranteed to meet
tony and like you go up in front and
that could be you know five thousand
dollars per seat so the prices change a
lot again based on accessibility and and
in on this um
on this like relative scale basically by
following the scale of time invested
equals pricing you can really come up
with a lot of good conclusions so if you
follow like the funnel uh like deepening
funnel equals more more pricing versus
time investment equals more pricing you
can basically solve all of your problems
by setting yourself a dollar value per
hour and then you can just follow this
formula to get there that's what i would
do and then i would compare that to your
market rate and what other people charge
and um then just continue to provide
as much value as possible at the upper
tiers unless you're a specialist service
and you're confident that you can just
monetize without doing that not
everybody needs to be a content creator
but if you're following the model that
we're talking about then you want to
provide as much value at the highest
tier possible because like you you can
see like from like what i do people will
support you they'll believe in the kind
of stuff that you're doing you can make
i can make a free video like about women
in esports for example and that video sh
ought to be and should be a public video
and people will support that video
because they believe in it existing so
someone will put 25 a month to this
patreon because they believe that videos
like that should exist right so you have
to trust that your your best content
being free will eventually pay those
dividends to you later on and that's a
hard lesson to learn um because it's not
intuitive you feel like you have to
charge people for products and services
but in reality um yeah
people are generally good and and will
support your initiatives if they're if
they're if they're good right so those
are just some considerations to think
about um hopefully that helps anybody
who's like trying to figure out how to
price and uh figure out membership tiers
and also just like they're the pricing
businesses and stuff this is a really
great question i hope i get more of
these because i make more videos like
this okay thanks
