welcome back to the void today I've been
exposed by a former fake Guru along with
the help of Spencer Cornelia of all
people this is by someone named Noir
trades who I called out three years ago
he's now released a video thinking that
with coffeezilla I wouldn't have time to
expose him but little did he know the
void is way super Petty we'll cover
anything on this channel old coffeezilla
I had too much work to like I had too
many big investigations void Zilla I'll
I'll respond thought you know he thought
he was going to get away with this he's
not but let's hear him out one of the
big parts of the coffeezilla video that
I thought was really interesting and it
made you look really bad and definitely
look compelling that you were a fraud is
that you got asked a question about if
you were so successful trading why would
you teach others and you stumbled on
your words you didn't look good and so I
was wondering just looking back on it
what's your perspective now so this
video was originally meant for Spencer's
Channel that's why he ended up visiting
me in Miami but after finding out that I
was fully legit and what we were about
he decided it wouldn't do too well on
his channel and that's what you could
see from this comment on his
Instagram decided not to release it
videos with legit gurus whoa bomb on my
channel now I reached out to Spencer
figure out what was going on you know he
uh he sent me a response so we'll play
that by the end of the video but for now
I want to sort of go through this right
first of all who is Noir trades well you
can see in this video where I three
years ago oh man that was a that was a
lifetime ago I called this guy out
because he went on this channel called L
he paid
$4,000 to get interviewed by this guy L
and he ends up getting made fun of in
the interview because basically he's
asked you know if you're trading why do
why why do you have to sell a course if
you're so rich he says that he's this
multi-millionaire uh Trader and he
doesn't have a good answer to that and
the big things I want to emphasize is
that Noir trades has been caught
stealing ideas from other gurus his
story makes no sense his whole thing is
I went from $20,000 to like millions of
dollars in I think uh six months I mean
ridiculous when he's like 18 years old
in fact here's where he says this
18-year-old turns 20,000 into $2 million
in six months and basically that L
interview was a uh basically a a puff
piece but it accidentally made him look
bad that was what the whole video was
about it was very funny and then we
covered the allegations that not only is
all these day Traders all these
19-year-old day Traders they're all
faking it but not only that this guy
even got caught stealing um stealing
signals from another person he went into
this guy's Discord chat when he was
supposedly already this established
Trader and he basically copied the
traits which is obviously something you
wouldn't do if you were fully legit but
now with that context out of the way of
what my video said let's see what this
video is all about my entry is going to
be about 42020 guys I'm in these a
little early but I like the weakness oh
there it goes wow oh my
God very nice so I guess this is
supposed to be some live trading of Noir
let's get to the actual interview part
cuz Spencer's going to show up let's see
what he says Florida this guy got
exposed by coffeezilla a couple years
ago and I'm just going to show up and
ask him some questions I don't know much
about him but there's always two sides
of the story and I want to hear his side
I think this will be interesting you're
I think it's going to be interesting too
or you going to ask him some hard
questions Spencer that's the question
you're going to enjoy this one here we
go everyone I think I have a few good
questions to ask we'll see how he
answers them we'll see if he's telling
me the
truth okay I'm a little so so number one
I'm a little bit skeptical of guys being
like I'll see if he's telling the truth
if you're not going to press him so the
big thing we're looking for is does
Spencer press this guy or does he just
take all what he says to be true just
off
rip what's up man thanks so much for
having me dude Spencer yeah let's go on
inside so where are we where are we at
right now a house in Miami uh where I
flew out five random students to just
you know transform their lives have fun
and just see how my daily life goes all
right man I'm out here because
coffeezilla a good friend of mine made a
video about you a couple years ago and
so I'm wondering what was your first
reaction to that video I mean as soon as
I saw it it was just the title just
pulled me into it I was a little
confused of where he was going with that
so it's pretty clear where I was going
with it Noir I think you're a fraud I
think you're fake Guru ended up taking a
quick watch that I looked at it and just
said you know it's just another one of
those videos and then I let it go and
then I looked at it maybe like 2 months
later and had like over a million views
what do you think with the response was
did you have students that were upset or
did you have you see like a loss of
business at all from it students weren't
upset because they knew who I was as a
Trader but as far as loss of business it
actually multiplied my business maybe
like it actually probably 10x my
business this is the biggest cope they
all say but I'm always happy when they
say it cuz always I think okay you can't
sue me
now you have to prove damages so if I
10ex your business which you say which I
never believe it's like okay well now
you can't come after me so we're gonna
bit by bit pick aart noir's case with
Spencer I've already watched this it's a
pretty favorable interview where
basically the conclusion is Noir trades
is legit uh so we're going to talk about
all of that let's get more into this
video already though the coping is real
in fact the reason he puts my name in
the little title is because he wants to
rank with my video about him so you
already know it's a cat because that's
like literally why this video was made
Spencer Cornelia exposes Noir trades
coffeezilla he wants that to rank when
you look up Noir trades coffeezilla
because of that that's fascinating yeah
and so I think from the outside being
under the assumption that day Traders
don't make money I've always thought
most of them were frauds online and so I
was wondering like what type of proof
did you have or that you could show him
that maybe you actually turned 20K 2
million or whatever so he never took the
time to actually look into any proof he
just wanted the views for his channel
but uh if you go to my channel I I live
record my logins and I'm actually one of
the only traders that do that I only
know one other Trader that does that no
screenshots no screen recordings
literally from the phone to the screen
showing me live logging in from the
login button yeah I I I've seen these he
actually doesn't live stream it he
records himself and then posts that to
YouTube I think he does this on
Instagram as well but he always hides
the account he always hides what's going
on and by the way all of this stuff is
fak the whole thing guys you have to
understand you have to ask does it make
sense that a day trader would be giving
away their strategy if they were making
tons of money does it make sense that an
18-year-old made $2 million from
$20,000 and then decides to sell a
course when he's $18 years old what does
he know in fact Noir trade says he start
he like his whole origin story is he was
an intern on Wall Street which we'll
hear about um and then goes and flips so
that's 16 by 18 he's made $2 million
trading I don't think so I'm calling BS
on that so this whole proof he says is
just him logging into an account where
you can't even see the account number
and then it just saying he has money in
it which he could have gotten from the
students who pay him $300,000 a month
for this garbage and then going into my
documents and showing my p&l for the
year one of the big parts of the
coffeezilla video that I thought was
really interesting and it made you look
really bad and definitely look
compelling that you were a fraud is that
you got asked a question about if you
were so successful trading why would you
teach others and you stumbled on your
words you didn't look good and so I was
wondering just looking back on it what's
your perspective now so there's two
things with that one of them is with
that interview you watched the coffee
Zilla version you didn't watch the
actual interview where I actually didn't
stumble the second thing is between
every no no no no no no you did stumble
in fact it was so funny that the guy you
paid $4,000 to puts it at the beginning
of the video cuz you look idiotic hold
on so that he's saying that I edited him
to be clear this is what I watched this
is L's video this guy is a scammer he
only came to this interview to advertise
his scam do not join his Discord by the
way how pissed would you be if you paid
$4,000 and they start the video by
calling you a scammer and making you
look stupid I would be furious this guy
makes money off people not off
stocks I actually just posted a what's
your response to that I mean people so
look when's market so that was his edit
he made you look bad okay don't blame it
on me anyway I just had to say that
because this guy multiple times implies
that I just wanted views I just wanted
clicks I just didn't do my homework so
wait a second wait a second that wasn't
me but anyway let's continue every
interview and podcast people well people
who get interviewed know that they have
to let you know the questions beforehand
or they have to ask you at the end of
the video whether those questions are
okay or not with you to be posted and
I've approved those questions and I even
came up with a couple of those questions
with him we're here with okay that's
another part I wanted to talk about real
quick so Noir trade says you know if I
had looked bad why would I approve these
questions I had to approve these
questions because I paid for this I
found this surprising and I and I didn't
believe it for a second so I asked L I
emailed L and I said hey is it true that
basically he he approved all these
questions everything was like this
scripted interview and to my surprise
let me give credit where credit is due
Andrew haes came back I think that is
true for the most part I didn't ask him
anything he wasn't okay with and he F
approved the final draft before I
uploaded which I think is super sketchy
he paid 4K to do the interview and I was
pretty desperate lol even though i' lose
I knew I'd lose some respect from my
audience um he might have had some
questions ready for me but I can't
remember I'm not opposed to that kind of
thing if it helps the interview be more
successful um anyways I was kind of like
wow actually I was shocked that L
conduct is interviews that way I mean
like I thanks for factchecking that and
I guess that part is
true which makes me more confused
because why would you approve a podcast
that made you look that bad like that
starts with calling you a scammer and
you not having a good response for that
off rip so I was pretty surprised by
that but that checks out and it made me
wonder guys have I gotten it all wrong
is he about to own me in this interview
does he have the facts on his side let's
find out a lot of your students they
traded for like 30 minutes too and I
talked to a couple of them they made
pretty good money in 30 minutes I don't
even remember what I just said hold on
we need context for this did he just say
I watched your students trade for 30
minutes and then just stop and I even
came up with a couple of those questions
with him we're out here with a lot of
your students they traded for like 30
minutes too and I talked to wait did nor
trade you just watched him for 30
minutes a couple of them they made
pretty good money in 30 minutes I don't
even remember what I just said you just
made 1100 are you going to keep trading
for the day no so you only traded for
about I mean we're probably 10 minutes
into the trading for the day you already
done
yep what what wait wait what no so you
only traded for about I mean we're
probably 10 minutes in the trading for
the day you already done yep just like
that why so short it seems like You' be
trading all day you yeah why so short if
you're making so much money why stop
your trading if you could just print
money if you have a money printing
strategy why trade for 30 minutes a day
why not trade for a whole day and then
you have enough money for like a month
or a year it's really sketchy so they
invite over Spencer and they trade for
like five minutes like oops I'm in
profit bro I'm in check it out I'm in
profit
and then okay what does he say I want to
know what he says only trade for short
amount of time so yeah I mean I I only
trade on average maybe 30 minutes to an
hour as long as my level is there but
sometimes it just takes a couple hours
for you know my level to develop cuz and
what are these guys doing in the back is
this the trading boot camp is part of
the trading boot camp that you all take
off your shirts and go into the backyard
and and lift audience is going to see
this and go oh we still don't believe in
a do a day trader or stock Trader and
the fact that you're making a lot of
money brings up red flag to a lot of
people so I was wondering what you could
share with my audience about how you can
assess if someone is real or fake by the
way it's a classic mistake to ask a fake
Guru how to assess a fake Guru what do
you think they're going to describe
themselves like don't trust people in
yellow shirts no they're going to be
like okay okay here we go all successful
Traders they trade for 30 minutes a day
they find their level so I mean if you
can't assess through me you assess
through the people around me so I flew
out five random students just to
transform their lives rather bro is this
Gold's Gym or is it a trading boot camp
I would be furious if this guy flew me
out to teach me to trade stocks and we
all traded for five minutes and they're
like all right great let's hit the
gym oh my gosh what what is going on
financially spiritually know mentally
and you could see from his account in
the morning full screen you could see
how much he made this morning and it's
just cool to see people around me make
money rather than me because I can tell
you all day how much I make I can live
log in people will still deny it but
then when you see someone that's 20
years old or someone that's 21 make
money that's a whole different story
when you were on fresh and fit podcast
to be clear so far as I understand it
we've gotten 10 minutes of trading proof
the proof is Spencer Cornelia showed up
they have this gang of guys they all
trade for five minutes and they go see
we're 100% legit but why did you trade
ler bro I just got to hit my level bro I
just got to hit my level this is wild
and we're going to get into the
accusations at a second because the
accusations the big ones haven't been
answered at all so far but hopefully
Spencer's going to bring that up as you
mentioned something about being a Trader
on Wall Street correct what what firm I
know some people might ask like what
firm or what company did you work for so
this is at the age of 16 I was on Wall
Street uh the the place that I worked at
was uh pmf got it Trump building yeah
cuz his video was really compelling and
I didn't know much about you that's why
I'm out here and so you apparently have
been trading for many years and you've
been profitable for how many of those oh
by the way this whole idea of before we
I don't want to let this point Go the
whole idea of I interned at Wall Street
when I was 16 I don't know if that's
true for one but it doesn't mean
anything I interned as a with like this
chemistry professor when I was in high
school I had this weird job where I did
that I wouldn't call myself a chemist I
wouldn't a year later be like I
discovered the secret of synthesizing
methamphetamine no I wouldn't do that
that's so silly so I actually and I
actually found an article where it says
he was just doing clerical work on Wall
Street this is from his own Instagram it
says he was doing mostly clerical work
so he went from that he did some
clerical work to making $2 million two
years later uh I don't think so I mean
what did you do start with3 million
first how did you do it out of what out
of since you started it's been seven
years I've been profitable since the
beginning also huge red flag the idea of
I've just always been profitable I've
always everybody knows there's a million
studies out there most day Traders over
90% lose money it's glorified gambling
for a lot of these people and so when
you hear someone saying like I have a
system and I want to sell it to you
they're going to defraud you it's all
all this big scam of trying to teach you
if they had something real to teach they
would keep it for themselves if it
really made them this kind of money it's
the most obvious grift in the world
right I actually was talking with this
uh I was talking with a buddy about this
on how like scam you can actually scam
for like 6 months to a year maybe Max
like on social media if you're if you're
a real fraud you can probably make a
mill or two but at some point that I
found at some point you're going to get
found out you're going to have a lot of
students that are upset students are
going to send me by the way no student
has come to me with like hey this guy's
a fraud I've lost money with him that's
why I'm
what what does this mean and what are
you what are you talking about he goes
you can only grip for so long on social
media otherwise you're going to get
found out bro he was found out in my
video literally we showed how he's
stealing other signal groups chats and
then just puts him in his little his
little tip his little Discord signal
group so I don't know what you mean you
would give found he has been found out
and I don't know if you would have been
sent something by his students because
have you made a video video previously
about him I mean what are you talking
about like is this not the first video
you've done I'm maybe I'm confused about
this but I don't think saying nobody's
personally reached out to me so
what I don't understand the logic here
I'm out here with you cuz I if if
someone was a fraud I'd probably been
like hey man what's what's the deal here
but no one has and but if you were
scamming I think at some point a lot of
people would have come to me and be like
hey man you got to make a video on this
guy yeah I love that question because
when people talk online about other
Traders I just tell them just wait a
year and I tell them let's see where
they are in a year cuz I've been here
like I said for seven plus years I've SE
yeah making $300,000 a month with your
little group okay seen hundreds of
people come and then go so all you have
to do is wait a year or two and they're
gone do you think a year is a pretty
good timeline for if someone's a fraud
that you'll know within a year I would
say a year or two like Zach Morris took
about 2 years in the coffeezilla video
there was a clip that he used from LOF
where it didn't you didn't really look
good and he kind of he seemed to stumble
you a little bit he asked you know if
you're so good at trading why do you
sell a course or sell a Discord and at
the moment you kind of stumbled over
your words it didn't make you look good
I I also saw that as it's possible that
maybe you just didn't have a good answer
at the moment so I was wondering if I
don't know what do you think was a good
answer to that so the big problem with
that is you only watch the law of
interview where so I think Spencer's
being so overly charitable to this guy
he isn't he in that interview he was a
19-year-old millionaire selling a
course it doesn't take a genius to kind
of figure out what's going on with this
guy's story um he says he's going to say
that like I edited the lot video which I
already showed you I didn't but now I
want to go to the part of the interview
where this guy just starts blatantly
lying again um and address that and and
my problem with this whole interview
with Spencer is he just doesn't push
back hardly at all to any of this guy's
claims and so he lets the guy get away
with a lot of nonsense under the guys of
I'm here to expose him
but it hasn't really the research hasn't
really been done to expose him because
you're falling for these basic lines
that aren't true and are provably not
true here's that right now a big part of
kab Zilla video was posting was talking
about the sales page that you had of my
story of turning a little money into a
lot of money is that no longer active I
I never had that funnel page I did have
a funnel page but that wasn't it so oh
really interesting this is the big lie
in this video among other things
as I said the sales page I'm talking
about is right here this is the funnel
we talked about in the video this guy's
claiming that this never existed or at
least he didn't create it coffeezilla
was getting that information from other
places so that wasn't a funnel into the
Discord at the time that wasn't my
actual website my website is stock
hours.com he was on a whole separate
because people were making fake
Instagram accounts about me back then
that wasn't your sales page no okay
Spencer you got to call him out out on
this Bud he's going oh it's a fake page
Coffey Zilla got it wrong it's not
really my page fake Instagram Pages
we'll get into that but look at this
there's no there's no push back there's
no uh nobody reached out to me asked me
where I got that they're just saying
this oh that's news to me yeah cuz I
think that was the center point of the
video yeah that was not your page no it
was that page is I I I actually tried to
go on that page and it wasn't there so
I'm not sure if he made that a a a a
either he got that information from
someone or he made he edited that and
put that in the video oh I just hey guys
I invented it I invented it maybe I
invented that page that web page which
is claiming that he made M did this
thing and made this money I'm going to
show you where it is but just look at
Spencer's face while he's being told
this I mean look at his face there's no
push back it's just oh okay I guess
that's a fact now I'm bothered by this
I'm Bo cuz CU I feel like dude at least
ask me about it page no oh look at oh
that page is I I I actually tried to go
on that page and it wasn't there so I'm
not sure if he made that uh uh uh either
he got that information from someone or
he made he edited that and put that in
the video I'm not sure what went there
what what but I tried to go on the
website myself and I couldn't find it oh
that threw me off I didn't yeah I
thought it was your sales page I thought
you had a whole funnel I wish that
moment was to reach out to text me
and say Hey where' you get this from
none of that and that wasn't the center
point of the video either but I'm going
to show you where it's from this is the
funnel page that I talked about and it's
from noart trades.com
page you can see from the archive this
is back in July 7th
2019 it says 19-year-old Noir Ada turns
20K into 20 or $2 million in one
year
and then when you go to his website look
at what he said in 2018 he said check it
out at newart trades.com this is the
verified Noir trades account now the
website goes to stock hours llc.com but
at the time it went to noart trades.com
and there it is in black and white this
sales page that he says I made up that I
invented that never existed I just can't
believe this guy so blatantly lied about
something that he knew was on a website
of his that wasn't a funnel into the
Discord at the time that wasn't my
actual website my website is stock
hours.com he was on a whole separate
because people were making fake
Instagram accounts about me back then
that wasn't it wasn't no fake Instagram
account but look that wasn't even my
main point though I I mean I'm surprised
both of them seem to not be addressing
the elephant in the room which the main
point of the entire video is how he
stole it's the climax of the story which
is that Noir trades this 19-year-old
millionaire 18-year- old millionaire
whatever you want to call him was caught
stealing someone else's signal or sorry
signals in fact you can find that here
at this Instagram page that showed it
basically Noir Adda in 2019 now remember
this is during the time he says he's
already a millionaire got caught taking
a guy's course he went by stock Hunter
and this guy's website essentially gave
out stock tips so what this guy decided
to do he decided to put watermarks in
his stock like screenshots stock tip
screenshots and he found out that Noir
ATT was just stealing his screenshots
and posting them to his own his own chat
so this website exposes it all and not
only that Noah trades also got caught in
his terms of conditions of his website
he accidentally like when he he copied
the terms and conditions from this guy's
page stock Hunter trading and he
accidentally left in I don't know if you
can see it stock uh stock Hunter trading
here reserves the right to update and
change the terms and conditions so he
just stole this guy's whole whole thing
and it wasn't from some professional
account either you might think stock
Hunter trading was some respected member
of the Wall Street gang but this is
stock Hunter trading right here in that
website so this is who Noir trades is
stealing his ideas from
after the time period where he
supposedly was an expert Trader right
he's already selling a c he's he's an
expert at the time when he's stealing
advice from this guy none of this is in
the video that Spencer shot that
ultimately didn't end up on his channel
that ended up on Noir trad's Channel now
of course I wanted to ask Spencer about
this and understand more of where he
came from I think he told me that I
think he asked that question actually
about the the the stealing the signals
and I don't think it made it into the
cut I think Noir trades might have
edited it out I don't know uh but let's
finish this video real quick and get to
Spencer's response got it okay it's very
easy to sit in your studio and make
videos about others when you don't know
hey their full story and so I've done
that for a couple years now and I'm just
trying a new style of actually going to
talk to people in person here and their
story what you don't see with these
videos and I know I get a lot of CR
criticism for these is that you don't
see that I hang with him all day I ask
for all the proof I'm not going to sit
here and show you his phone of showing
all the statements he shows with me and
so when I make these videos I go and
hang with him I want to hear the full
story which
I hey just an idea here if what you're
saying is behind the scenes he's showing
you all this
proof maybe you should show us that
part why show us the students like
lifting weights you know that doesn't
tell us anything show us the screenshots
of the proof what is this I don't think
this is a very effective way to prove
whether somebody is a fake Guru or not
is to go to them and go hey what's a
fake Guru and then go to them and be
like hey are you legit and go to them
and say Let me watch you trade for 10
minutes I don't think it's that
effective of a way especially if the
core inconsistencies that have been
pointed out in the past are never
answered or lied about but without
further Ado I want to go ahead and um
get this response from Spencer I reached
out to him and I uh said the following I
said did you film that Noir trades video
I want to know if like he's the filmer
Noir trades filmed it why didn't you
release it and do you think he's legit
here's what he said I filmed it last
summer because I had wanted to switch
make a hard pivot into more long form
content I thought it would be really
interesting to sit down with people who
had expose videos made on them just to
hear their perspective why didn't you
release it I realized pretty quickly
that my audience did didn't care for
this kind of content and I released a
couple videos and decided not to release
his there was one element that had me a
little worried which is he claims to own
and live in this mansion in LA I did not
find any proof that he owned it he was
going to send me the deed which he never
did that could be miscommunication I
don't know but upon further research it
didn't seem that he owned it that had me
a little hesitant because if he was
willing to lie about that fact which
doesn't really have any effect on his
brand of day trading I was a little
concerned that there could be other
things he was lying about the question
do you think legit I think he's legit
based on everything I saw I saw accounts
I saw his students who were making money
they claimed they were with him for a
couple years they showed their accounts
they preached about how successful he
was as a Traer and in turn made them as
successful as a Trader my buddy who was
with me was looking for my blind spots
and we didn't find anything to indicate
he wasn't legit as a traitor you've got
to be more skeptical of these people uh
so so yeah so yeah that's that's his
explanation basically the only like
catch he found him in was that like he
didn't own the La Mansion or whatever
Miami what whatever it was that place he
was
staying which I'm not surprised Spencer
found that part out because I think he
he's like that real estate is kind of
his thing uh I think I would argue
though that that's the reason that if
you're not like really into stock
trading or you haven't seen day Traders
before and you haven't talked about a
lot of day Traders you're not
necessarily going to be able to find out
what makes them legit or not um anyway I
think the idea of a 20-year-old day
trader millionaire is absurd on its face
and when they're selling a course it's
not absurd it's just you know what
they're doing they're faking it so they
can sell a course so I think this idea
of like oh I will just assume this guy
is legit unless I catch him in the act
when all you're going to see is 10
minutes of trading I don't know how much
trading he actually saw he they say in
the video it's 10 minutes maybe it was
more he says he saw statements I don't
know how much he saw but I think that's
absurd that you think you're going to be
able to catch them and you should assume
they're they're innocent and like legit
when you have them on the record lying
about other things I should add that the
only real way to know if someone is
legit or not is to see tax returns which
I have not seen I would say that these
like people who go investigate people's
lives like in person if you're going to
do that type of content just make sure
that you're able to sniff out when
you're being thrown BS make sure you
actually pose hard questions
because now what I have to do is defend
this ridiculous like piece that Noir
trades has uh put on his channel where
he's using an exposed YouTuber to
basically promote his brand when it is
obvious with a little bit of Googling
that he's lying at multiple Parts in
this
interview so all in all I don't think
that's ultimately a good look for
Spencer I don't think it's a good look
for Noir trades because he didn't think
I was going to do this video he thought
coffeezilla you know they don't they
don't do videos about fake gurus anymore
but he was wrong and I'm here to expose
this man for the garbage that he's
pedling you guys are paying him
$300,000 a month for signals that could
be coming from anywhere they could be
stolen I also just wanted to say really
quick that Spencer has done videos in
the past that I've really enjoyed on his
main Channel usually it's when he
doesn't go see the people in person I
think he's able to look at these things
a little more objectively I think when
it comes to people that he sees in
person or he's friends with I think
there's like a bit of a smoke screen
that gets created and he can't really um
I think it's a little tougher for him to
see through it I I I'll I'll leave it at
that I mean I'm just going to say like
he's he he makes good videos when he's
not meeting these people I think all of
a sudden when Spencer meets them I don't
know what happens I
mean there's nothing else I can say
other than that I I I don't I really
know it's kind of awkward for me to make
this video cuz Spencer and I text here
and there we talk but you make a video
like this what am I supposed to do I got
to talk about it you know what I mean
it's crazy anyway I sorry I wanted to
put that quick part in as an aside to
make it not seem like I'm just like
dumping on this guy that does similar
videos to me but ah this video did not
do it for me at
all at all so yeah that's basically it
let me just close it out with the the
clip that started at all this guy is a
scammer he only came to this interview
to advertise his scam do not join his
Discord this guy makes money off people
not off
stocks I actually just posted a what's
your response to that I mean people so
look
