hello
this is a patreon update video i think
this is our first or second one of these
you may notice that i am in a different
location in space
and my
audio setup is probably significantly
worse than you're used to so
unfortunately that is the state of
affairs right now i'm in the middle of a
full-blown move across the country i'm
moving to texas moving the whole office
texas the whole business to texas and my
stuff has been stuck in transit for ever
basically so i'm finally just ordering
some stuff from amazon so i can start
creating because it's been so long that
i've been uh able to update patreon and
that gets me extremely frustrated plus
my youtube plus just any other kind of
work i need to do on the agency which is
a lot it's been very hard so i am making
this video with extremely scuffed
equipment amazingly the we can get a
like halfway working green screen going
and that's that's incredible and i
managed to noise gate the microphone so
that it's a little bit better so if you
have wondered where i am i i haven't
disappeared i'm moving and i'm going to
be moving i have no idea when all of our
stuff gets here which will be my studio
equipment and everything i can do to
create and have a good workspace i'm
literally just in the middle of a blank
office with nothing in it so that's been
my life but i wanted to give some
updates on patreon and also um just kind
of announced where things are it's all
good news
and uh talk through and there's going to
be another video that i will do that
will answer it'll be available for
everybody but it will answer basically
like mastermind questions that have come
out over the past like week or so that i
haven't been able to get uh i haven't
been able to go through so that'll just
be there uh i don't even know if i can
use like notepad right now i'm in that
situation with obs so we'll see
okay so uh this is a couple of things
that are going on so um if you're
watching this video um depending on what
tier of patreon you're on i've been very
happy with the five dollars here that's
kind of like exactly where i want it to
be um that's basically like okay you
want to support youtube videos and you
also want to get like a lot of the
business content creation type content
that uh i can do as an agent i can
figure stuff out that a lot of people
either just don't have access to or
don't know just because i'm in the ad
industry so i will continue to do a lot
of stuff like that i've been very happy
with the way that the videos have worked
on patreon doing like one or two a week
and i think that's really good value i
do however think that for people that
want to support uh more um there should
be more
i've just kind of always had this
feeling so i've been gradually adding
things to the higher tiers so for
mastermind um it's all and it's always
been weird by the way the the patreon
before i get into this like the patreon
was never supposed to be like this this
whole thing
it was supposed to be like i think i'd
probably get like 20 or 30 people that
were interested in supporting videos
here and there i never imagined that i
would do anything for it i just wanted
to put videos in a place where i can't
do them on the main youtube because
there's so many things you have to
consider for marketing a channel on
youtube right you have to have the right
titling you have to have the right
thumbnails you have to have the right
message you have to have the right
pacing and if all that stuff isn't right
then your channel tanks and nobody's
interested in your content so a lot of
the very deep even if it's really good
stuff like if it's very deep i want to
succeed at business i want to succeed at
xyz that may not work because you you
just you just can't get that kind of
viewership for that kind of audience for
that sort of content like how many
people are really interested in building
sales teams on youtube right there's
there's people that really could benefit
from that information or how many people
want to know the exact right platform to
advertise on right now right there's a
lot of people that um could benefit from
that information but but uh and it's
probably people that are subscribed here
to this patreon but uh it's not people
that are in the mainstream that has to
be a different form of content so um i
just want to create a place where
uh i can put that stuff and i just
started talking about it and some
self-improvement stuff i always wanted
to make and and this it's been crazy so
now that these people are here that
you're here i feel
obligated to provide value to you so for
the masterminds here uh as soon as we
get stuff set up here at the office i
want to
actually do what masterminds are
supposed to do which is the mastermind
is like a group of people who are
thinking through things together and
thus they are stronger in a business and
financial sense i think it's especially
important coming with the recession here
that's coming up or or is already here
that we should think through this so i
think every two weeks or so we should
have a chat
on discord where everybody gets together
and kind of talks through for a couple
hours about what they're working on and
i will kind of loosely lead this i will
also talk about what i'm working on
which will be all kinds of stuff from
the agency world and i will answer and
address things that have to do with
everything from business to content
creation i think that'll be a really
good
uh addition to that to that tier and i
think it will also bring a lot of life
to the mastermind chat
which has been good and and but i would
like to be better
and uh i think that rounds that out
because after that then you have like
tier two tier three get meta marketing
report which i've been really happy with
there's some really good value in like
tick tock ads per business and stuff
like that
on those talks and then of course like
the normal patreon tiers um you'll just
continue to get videos and continue to
get my support and thanks for
answering um
or for helping me build youtube videos
which i wish i want to do more of for
the main youtube i i have a lot of i had
a lot of time to just think about things
because i've just been in transit and
not been able to work i pretty much not
been able to do anything besides like
play path of exile or
or sit i have no work i have no studio i
um i i do all the agency stuff i can
either do is on my phone or my laptop so
um and most that's just like proposal
writing right now right and everything
so i was trying to think through like
what we would be doing on the main
youtube channel and i think there's a
lot of really good stuff we could do
with it i i want to do um this is gonna
surprise people i actually want to do
more reaction type stuff um now people
will be like oh god like he's going into
that meta but let's think about like
reaction from the context of marketing
advertising in business so if you if i
react to like like ms kiff a couple of
weeks ago he put out a video about how
to stream if i react to a video like
that it's really valuable because like
there's a lot of uh content creation
sort of stuff that can go into that so i
i want to uh i hate to use the word
react because it's such a a tarnished
word in in the way that you think about
it and i think about it um but what i
mean by it is like i want to respond to
videos in an educational context and i
think that there's a lot of like social
media news marketing stuff we could do
with that to make the youtube channel
more consistent uh i want to do more
news based things so there's been a lot
in the gaming world that has happened
over the last couple of weeks a lot in
the twitch world particularly like
advertising revenue that i want to cover
that's really important for a lot of
people there's been a lot of stuff in
the tick tock world it's just in general
like um
and this leads into another thing i want
to do is that i i think that
very soon if not already the market is
going to be changing in media pretty
fast as companies are going to kind of
lock down and advertising rates are
going to go down the recession is um
going to actually be a thing and we're
seeing that in the advertising world at
the beginning right now so i want to
talk through that do a lot of stuff
about that a lot of the stuff will
probably end up on patreon just because
it's not widely accessible but i want to
give people the tools to be able to
navigate through a recession and deal
with it um and then i also want to
answer a lot of the ask devon questions
that come up that in itself is like
multiple multiple videos and things like
that some of that will go to youtube and
some of that will go to patreon um
yeah
so
updates to mastermind tier meta
marketing of course will return whenever
i have the capability to do so um i
still plan to make that like bi-weekly
on fridays but really it comes out
whenever i feel like i can provide like
an enormous amount of value with it so
like if a new platform
what makes an update or something like
that or i see something that um i think
people are not seeing like tick tock ads
for business or facebook ads or things
that are underpriced um like right now i
think that um like
youtube shorts are like really powerful
and like people are sleeping on them for
any kind of like advertiser promotion
type stuff even local business it's like
really strong so i i think people are
sleeping on that like that kind of stuff
and like talking about that that stuff
will mostly be meta marketing reports
and generally that happens bi-weekly but
not always sometimes you go two weeks
without hearing anything and that's just
the way it is i don't want to make those
unless i provide a lot of value so um if
you are continuing to support the
patreon uh i just wanted to thank you
and give you an update video um and talk
you through like what's been going on i
i've just been incredibly uh
happy with the
response to to this because those
patreon videos in a way are like the
truest sense of what i want to make
right i always have to kind of
i mean like it's fine doing the youtube
stuff like the main youtube stuff um
but
i always have to kind of cater to the
audience that i know i'm targeting there
right um whereas on patreon i can be
much more real and i can uh really like
deliver uh everything that i know and
that i'm learning uh in real time and
that's that's hopefully been helpful to
a lot of people so um if you are
watching this video uh you'll see
another post come up today that will be
answering
many of the questions that have been
going through the last week in the
mastermind chat just because i always
want to get to every one of those but i
couldn't because i was traveling and uh
unfortunately i have no eta for how
what i can get back up and running and
do regular videos
i i can't imagine it's more than a week
um like i i literally have no date like
with the mover company uh my stuff's in
a box and the whole office is in a box
and we moved my house simultaneously
with uh the office stuff
and it's it's all it's all gone and i
have no idea where it is so eventually
like either you know that'll get sorted
out or i'll just order new stuff and i'm
kind of like already doing that like i'm
building up a studio as you can kind of
see
um
gradually because i just don't have
anything and i need to work so
we'll just see where it goes but um
either way like i have the capability to
make videos now so i will do that it
might just be extremely scuffed um for a
little bit until we get back up and
running
so that's it that's the patreon updates
uh if you want to do you want anything
to happen with a patreon or whatever i
mean you're a supporter here leave a
comment um yeah believers uh people that
are in that tier thank you so much um
you could always send me a message if
you want to do a phone call or if you
need anything in particular um let me
know and yeah that's it thanks guys for
supporting and and watching and uh see
you again soon
how do i stop this i i can't even stop
it in real time okay all right bye
