hey hey everyone it's your friend Devin
Nash and we are going to talk about two
very important core marketing concepts
that could literally help any person
that is trying to build a business or
content creator and that is big
marketing and small marketing we're
going to use these examples from our
Mastermind our Mastermind is the patreon
section of the devonash channel where
people come every day to kind of talk
about stuff and really get into the
weeds of how to build a business as far
as user acquisition and uh so The
Mastermind chat is actually that goes
all the time as people talking about the
specifics of that and there are two
people in The Mastermind chat we're
going to use today who have unwittingly
volunteered because they didn't know
they signed up when you sign up for the
best mind chat means I can talk about
you sits in the fine print somewhere
it's not but now they know the first one
we're gonna look at is Shiro Shiro is a
uh coach for valrant he posts a
combination of educational long form
content as well as short form content
and the next one we're going to look at
around here is AC Gibby who posts these
really cute kind of dad joke puns in the
form of shorts and also sending hates
The Tick Tock and does some long form so
what they have both discovered recently
um there's some I think some suggestions
that we're going around Mastermind chat
is a form of small marketing replying to
Reddit threads or talking and creating
posts on Reddit and Shira has been
updating us every day on what he is
accomplishing in his email subscriber
list and his funnel by
um just literally posting a Reddit bunch
and has figured out that if you provide
value then people will actually kind of
one by one jump on and and follow you so
this is great and then acdb also asked
if if that was something that he should
do more of so
um we're going to talk first about
Define the funnel
um and I'm going to Define these terms
uh Big Marketing small marketing and
then through this we're going to Define
um a funnel and a sales funnel uh you
might have seen my marketing funnel it's
going to be a little bit different um to
Define your product right so uh Big
Marketing first is things you can do to
increase your brand a lot so a YouTube
video is the example that I have here
because a YouTube video can very easily
reach a million people very easily reach
10 billion million people very easily
reach a billion people right whereas
small marketing are things like Reddit
threads talking and creating posts on
Reddit now um You might wonder what the
distribution of your time is on this and
we're going to touch on this several
times in the video but I'm going to give
you the ratio that I think right now uh
that I thought about a lot and that is I
think that you should spend about 70 of
your time doing Big Marketing and about
30 of your time doing small marketing
now when people see those percentages
it's kind of nebulous so I I want to
like kind of give you a much more direct
way to think about it's exactly the same
way of saying it but it's just a
different perspective
um that means that if you have 10
minutes in your day seven of those
minutes should be doing making a YouTube
video it should be things like um
articles or PR collaboration any kind of
like UDC or syndication shorts stuff
like that right so we can write that
stuff down articles or PR or
collaboration
um ugc or syndication that's user
generated content so stuff like posts or
articles right or uh sub stack posts or
things like that
the things that have the potential to
really be shared and be reached out to a
lot of people if you look at anybody
that you might have paid attention to in
recent memory they have all achieved
their brand development through Big
Marketing um and and no one has really
done it through small marketing now
that's not to say small marketing is
invaluable to get to that in a second
but the big Market is what carried them
there uh if you actually look at like
what made me pretty well known in the in
the marketing space it's probably
collaboration right I did a lot of
podcasts I've done a lot of uh showing
up with other uh bigger broadcasters I
did a ton of stuff with even some of the
biggest names on Twitch I even had an
interview Series where I talked to the
biggest names so collaboration was a big
part of like what got me there and
obviously YouTube videos were the rest
of it uh um and you might think that oh
twitch streams might be a form of Big
Marketing um they're actually not
they're not affordable big marketing or
small marketing they're a form of no
marketing so if you're doing twitch
streams you are not doing either of
these things you're entertaining
yourself and to some extent others but
if you're trying to do actual marketing
you're wasting your time doing twitch
streams uh okay uh what someone might
say sorry just because to just impact
that one second somebody might say well
okay
um what if I'm multi-streaming right uh
well then in that case like I would say
that like YouTube and Facebook and those
sort of things are kind of all forms of
small marketing you don't really have
the potential to reach like tens of
thousands of people unless you already
are there are some content creators of
of decent decent sized streamers that do
listen to this um for those people
obviously this is I I see your stream as
more of a job but um integrating more of
these things into your uh career would
be very useful any of these things as
for people who are running businesses
um most of you who are doing like retail
or groundwork are probably not doing
enough small marketing and I'd actually
put this number closer to fifty percent
uh maybe even 70 I might flip these uh
if you're doing some kind of localized
advertising so for example if you're a
restaurant you want to spend a lot of
your time doing small marketing right
Google reviews Reddit posts
um in your local area like like if if
you live in our in Austin you should be
on R Austin talking about like great
restaurants to the area respond to every
post you see there like with the search
function same with Twitter hashtags
right that's all examples of kind of
small marketing and hash uh and and
hand-to-hand combat when I say
hand-to-hand combat you imagine
hand-to-hand combat with like you versus
one other person or you versus some
other people so literally small
marketing is the idea of getting into
the weeds right it's posting a a
response on Reddit it's posting a thread
on Twitter it's responding to threads on
Twitter and I actually think small
marketing is more important to respond
and interact with uh things that are
going on than it is to
um actually post it so uh I like the
idea of like participating in like
Twitter spaces and and for this all you
really need to have to do like the most
important part of small marketing we can
do like separate videos on just these
Concepts this is kind of an overview of
these sort of Concepts but like
um is just have a great profile
everywhere
you are so like if you are on Reddit
make sure that you have like all your
links up make sure you have all of your
calls to action to the places you want
to go for your sales funnel which we'll
talk about in a minute make sure you
have everything if you're on Twitter
make sure you have like great and easy
ways to find you and I'll just give you
like an arbitrary example which is me
um where if you go here you should be
able to find very quickly what I'm about
every place that I want you to be okay
so if you look here you've got name
you've got full name right I'm using my
own name because I I don't want I want
the least amount of resistance between
myself and you understanding who I am
CMO and Creator building better results
for Brands which immediately says who
I'm selling for like like I'm talking to
brands with this message right it's very
important that if a brand wants to
advertise with us at Novo they know this
is where you go you click that you get
right to me
um co-founder that's sort of just um
masturbatory uh exploring marketing and
content creation ideas in the New Media
World which I thought a lot about and I
just tried really hard to kind of
explain what I do which is kind of hard
right
um but this is pretty queer you'll see
that my one link is to my YouTube which
is where I want people to go but I have
a pin tweet where everybody can kind of
the most critical places people can
reach me so I wanted to hit my YouTube
My Discord my company's website my
LinkedIn and my patreon right and then a
picture of myself so you know who you're
looking for it conventions and stuff
like that so you want to make sure every
one of your profiles is really well
built out like this if you're going to
do hand-to-hand combat uh hand-to-hand
combat is actually useless if you don't
have the step so anybody that's doing
small marketing should focus on that
first if you are a local business or
you're like a local like advertising
group you should be really building out
your your Google Business presence right
there's actually a lot of um the number
one advice I can give anybody is to what
that's like running a brick and mortar
or like a local business is you should
100 percent be um have a kick-ass Google
business profile and a kick-ass Facebook
business profile which in this case
would be a business page and that should
be really well defined so that people
can automatically find you through SEO
uh I used to run a computer repair
business
um up in uh Reno Nevada and I still
still get calls this was like literally
it must have it was when I started it
was like just before I started streaming
so I don't know it was like before it
was like 2010 so it's now been 13 years
but my SEO for that business was still
good I still get calls almost every day
um because I didn't change my number so
I still get calls almost every single
day for that uh computer repair business
just because it's purely off of the SEO
on Google so if you're running any kind
of local service business or any kind of
um uh like a product based business or
anything getting those profiles up is
actually like really important for
hand-to-hand marketing um but for the
rest of you who are content creators
then for you just having those profiles
about where you want people to find you
is the most important thing and then
from there you can do your small
marketing which literally means I mean
you need to like search hashtags on uh
Twitter on Reddit uh search thread
examples and just like go into things
that are relevancy like if you're like
if we're using Shiro for example here
you know he should be really tapping
into almost every person that's asking a
valrant related question or like how to
rotate how to get better
um and as and hand-to-hand combat can
really be hand-to-hand combat right so
it can be something like
um seeing somebody posting it's like hey
I just can't get out of gold and
Valerian I've tried I've tried I've
tried and you said a personal message to
that person on Reddit and saying hey I'm
a coach man I will Coach you for free
and all you know if it's great maybe you
talk about me too a few people would
recommend me to somebody but I'll just
coach you for free I've done it for a
bunch of people here you go right that's
small Marketing in action that's great
so you can do a little bit of that um
remember 70 30 for these content
creators we're gonna get to that first
but before I continue and kind of get
into like why these ratios make sense
and like some of the other techniques
you can use I need to explain sales
funnels
um and that is going to
be this image so you've probably seen me
draw this if you listen to Devin Nash
content which is the marketing funnel
right the idea that big stuff up here
like YouTube videos leads down into a
funnel
um what I want to draw today is a
rectangle okay that leads straight down
and I want um you to think about this in
different levels so at the bottom here
okay right here
this is going to be what you sell
so what do you sell right this is your
product or service
right
and down in here is going to be the top
is like going to be the direction of how
people get there so the idea is that you
have these different funnels through
your marketing funnel but there should
be a sort of sales funnel as well for
how people get there so let's use an
example
um let's use an example of like I'm
selling a course on
um getting better at playing a certain
video game let's say I'm going to sell
any course on on valorin well I might
start the sales cycle here
and the top and the first the exposure
to the sales cycle is going to be an
email right and the email will have
education
about the thing I'm selling uh plus
value okay
now some people that's the whole sales
fund it might just be three more emails
until they get to the product right uh
this could also be a website this could
be a Shopify store that counts as a
sales funnel rights for some people it's
really easy you have an Etsy store and
your Etsy store is your sales funnel
people click on your products there and
then they get to they buy your product
like in that case the funnel is two
steps some people have email chains that
go down and some people have really
Advanced uh stuff so let's look at some
more like Advanced uh ways to do this so
let's say the top of the sales funnel
here is a YouTube channel okay
and then from the YouTube channel is a
link in the description
and then from the link in the
description
is an is a website
with web copy
and the web copy converts directly to
your course at the bottom so it's like a
three-step sales process it doesn't
really like we can get into like sort of
the science and some of the logistics
like some of the drama around what it
actually takes to have a like sales
funnel like should it be less steps or
more steps but really the most important
thing you learn for like an overview
like this is that you need to have one
so the reason why I'm bringing up these
two people like Shiro here has a pretty
queer sales funnel right so the idea is
he watches YouTube videos you watch the
shorts you go okay that's cool I
actually want to get better at Valerian
and then you click through to him
somehow and you get there I want to be
able to find out how to pay for his
coaching and if I click about and I go
to one-on-one coaching it brings me to a
calendar
Consulting coaching consultation call uh
cool okay like I like that a lot and if
I click on this I think it um calendy
has like a really great option
of allowed you to pay and actually this
is how I do my Consulting people can
just like pay automatically he doesn't
seem to have this
um but uh this is great uh I I like this
a lot now a interesting go between for
something like this for a sales funnel
if I wanted to add more information I
didn't feel like people would convert
just based on this is I might add
something like this so this is the Devon
Nash Consulting page for example where
all of my links actually stop go here
and uh also lead out to other resources
like am I right for you for example
leads to a thing of like literally what
I do and where my specialties are and
exactly what you're going to get from
that service
um so I I've decided on my funnel to add
like an extra step here where this step
is going to be you know whatever I'm
selling and this step is going to be the
consultation and this step is going to
be actually converting because I
actually have a calendar link as well if
you go here you can automatically
schedule the Tuesdays and Thursdays uh
Consulting calls okay so I just thought
uh that the other I thought that there
needs to be more education particularly
because I do premium Consulting so
people need to know why they need it and
also I'm trying to gate out a certain
type of person as well which is like
typically smaller content creators who
like haven't made it yet shouldn't be
paying for this so I'm also trying to
make it a little bit harder in Shiro's
case this looks fine and it's a good
example of like having your sales funnel
set up in the way that we've talked now
in Gibby's example
um it's not as clear what he sells right
um because and this is going to be a
problem for some content creators where
if I am going to visit your content you
may think that your sales funnel uh ends
at
um ends at content creation and so for
example like using this example here we
were looking at right let's uh just pull
some of this back
um they may think that the marketing
funnel is the sales funnel and this is
probably a mistake of education so for
example they might think well find me
via YouTube channel or shorts and then
um
font and then like uh follow me
for all content creators listen up this
is going to be a super important thing
like this is really really important and
then here your vision of the bottom of
the sales funnel is watch my twitch
stream
uh consistently
or subscribe
but if you think about this sales funnel
this is not an actual sales funnel this
is a marketing funnel this is more like
the ice cream cone that we drew in
previous videos
and this leads to a person that goes
down funnel the problem with this is
that this person at the bottom doesn't
actually provide you any value
and so the problem with these people is
that they actually haven't figured out
their sales funnel they don't know what
to sell here and so they're not going to
make meaningful revenue and actually it
also makes it harder to convert people
just to following you because they don't
like really know what you do this is
actually kind of a this is a really
important concept where a lot of people
think that like it's enough that you are
that you end up on like a live stream or
you end up
um here like so let's look at like some
of these successful people like Kai
senate or zachar
um or summit1g uh some of these people
you you might view as like objectively
successful right these are people with
very high viewer accounts uh that have
very uh make a lot of money right but
someone like me or any kind of marketer
would actually like laugh our asses off
at these people like like I know that
Kai Senate makes you know probably a
million dollars a month
um
yeah I was on subscribers uh something
something like that and Asthma gold
probably makes several million dollars a
year
um great but any that's a that's a
mid-level marketing agency man like like
Nova's valuation alone and I'm a tiny
Market agency beats like all three of
these guys right why because I have an
actual product I have an actual service
right and this is like I think a lot of
content creators are aspiring to to um
to do things like this and think oh I'll
be there when I have this number of
viewers but really like these people are
just like kind of Popular until they're
not and then they their viewers are not
like actually providing that they're
just kind of there because they're the
thing right now so I actually don't
think this is a protected business model
I don't think this is a business model
and that's not to [ __ ] on every streamer
and YouTuber or concert creator of the
universe like more power to you that
you're getting you're getting monetized
through ads but I think that as a
content creator or influencer you have
to really think through the sales funnel
because you need to have something at
the end of it that actually sells or
converts things
um that actually has a valuation that
actually lives beyond you right we've
talked in the past before a little bit
about the concept of equity right the
concept that
um Equity equals something
that survives you as a product business
or service and the number one problem
that I see for Content creators is that
they'll do this but you're seeing it
happen more and more with like really
smart content creators are expanding
into all kinds of things right they're
selling drinks they're selling green tea
they're selling uh clothing they're
selling all kinds of stuff right those
are people that are creating reliable
sales funnels and that's great I think
that's super good
um but if you're a content creator like
AC Gibby here AC Gibby has legitimately
good and cute shorts I actually really
like them but I don't think he has
anything that he's really selling at the
end of it he may be expecting people at
the end to actually just follow his
twitch stream uh and I I think a lot of
you listening to this might be in that
uh in that boat including people here
that have like you know two thousand to
five thousand to ten thousand
concurrents like a lot of people that
subscribe here that listen to that you
might think that you're relatively
protected from um like because you know
you're running a stream with like four
or five thousand concurrents and you're
making good money like you might be
making like 150 230 350k a year
something like that a lot of you
listening to this make that kind of
money and congratulations but like will
you be making that in five years like
will you be making that in 10 years if
you decide quit tomorrow like are you
are you still getting your stream of
income right like the scariest thing for
me thinking about somebody that isn't
planning to build like a Content
creation career is like you need to be
doing this for the rest of your life if
you don't have this this model set up
but if you're selling something like um
let's say that you choose to be a like
let's take two different people okay
um number one person is a twitch YouTube
content creator
who uh decides to get into fitness
and their goal is I want as many
followers as possible
okay and number two is a twitch YouTube
content creator
who decides to do Fitness content
to drive people to his new supplement
company
and maybe he's selling like uh D3 and
creatine or something you know
man I'm so behind the person in number
two then I am the person at number one I
can't even tell you because this person
may actually achieve this result but
their actual goal is to drive people to
a product or service and survive them
and thus they might stop streaming two
or three videos from now but their
consistent customer base from just
defining what their sales funnel was is
really really really already like
important because they're already
they're converting again and they might
have more money and whatever like
content creation is basically locking
yourself into like chains and and being
unable to break out if you don't have
this figured out so the sales funnel is
really important
um and the reason why I use Shiro as an
example here is because Shiro is
actually has a sales funnel like all the
way set up basically that sales funnel
for him is again the YouTube videos and
at the bottom here it says Consulting
and he might want to think later like
well do I need a course or do I need
somebody at the bottom of the sales
funnel that monetizes about that can
survive me okay so now that we've
considered that we can kind of go back
to the ideas of big and small marketing
and we can kind of see how they apply
because Big Marketing is something that
you should do a lot more of
and small marketing is something that
you shouldn't do that much but you
should still like still still spending
like three or
um three minutes of your day or even
four minutes of your day out of ten
minutes right is is worth doing
um and we'll see here that I think up in
The Mastermind chat
um Shira posted today
that uh so he started this experiment a
few days ago and he uh realized today
that
um some people were kind of
oversaturated and
um even though he was safe from
self-promotion he wasn't seeing the same
results in signups that he was initially
and I identified immediately that he was
over posting
um so what ended up happening is like a
lot of people that start doing small
marketing it starts working like if you
start going on to Twitter and
particularly this is something I'd
recommend to all of you who are like
zero and just starting out on your new
business or your new like your new
content creation idea
um you need to go do hand-to-hand
marketing like go into a thread uh go
into uh those places and provide value
like like Reddit and you know uh
whatever you decide to teach or whatever
you decide to do or entertainment if
you're gonna make content that's just
about CS go which is like great right
now because Counter-Strike two just got
announced for example you know you're
gonna go into our Counter-Strike you're
going to post a few threads you will see
results with a good profile rule that I
that I showed you in the beginning like
stuff will actually work it'll be really
good
um and I recommend everybody does that
because it will kind of get you a lot of
confidence to start doing stuff but like
what both of these people Shiro and acdb
are missing is just the raw number of
videos you know we see I think less than
uh one two three four five six one two
three four so about 24 uh plus a couple
of shorts here and then here I I think
it was somewhere when I checked even
less right so what both of these people
are missing is that although Shiro has
seen a lot of great results and you can
even check the Mastermind chat for like
what the results he's seen he's gotten
uh 81 subscribers on an email list now
for a person who is just getting started
in content creation 81 people on the
email list is absolutely amazing like
that's awesome and that's why I love
small marketing but the problem is that
those people are not going to be sticky
they're not going to be able to follow
you if you don't really keep up on your
long form right the last time he posted
a actual long-form video was two weeks
ago and this is unacceptable for any
kind of content creator or any kind of
business person right um the ratio is uh
right now um on YouTube you need to be
doing one to three videos a week long
form and three shorts a week this is
bare minimum right and your maximum can
be three videos or two videos one
Community post
um
a day
and uh three shorts a day plus there's
actually no limit on shorts on YouTube
currently uh they're really trying to
promote them so this might change uh but
as of the time of this recording which
is I think March 23rd yeah
um there is absolutely no limit on
shorts it's pretty incredible so uh and
also uh the shorts limit doesn't affect
your limit to videos uh if you postpone
the three things on YouTube in a day uh
the algorithm suppresses you so if you
post two videos in one Community post or
three videos the fourth video or the
fourth Community post will be suppressed
but not the case with shorts you can
post three videos 15 shorts or whatever
you want okay and if you think that's
crazy and like a ton of content like you
know I have friends that I regularly
interact with um and I talk about that
do this so someone like zizerin for
example is posting content every single
day and a lot of times multiple times a
day especially if there's something
relevant to him like Diablo 4. zizard is
has the mission of trying to become the
arpg king basically the guy you go to to
talk about Path of Exile last Epoch
Diablo Wilson right man after my own
heart this is one of the main genres of
games that I play
um and he's doing it by posting just an
absolute ton of content so if you really
um want to dominate like the valrence
scene uh Shiro here right is going to
have to post way way more likewise with
Gibby
um he has to actually figure out his
funnel and figure out what he's selling
at the bottom of this and then and
simultaneously has to post more so um I
don't want people to get stuck the
reason why I had the idea to create this
video was because I saw that a lot of
people were getting really excited about
the small marketing hand-to-hand combat
type stuff good like very good and it
works right that's why I recommended it
but
um not doing enough Big Marketing will
not take you there okay because people
need to know about the story of who you
are you are and the way that I exemplify
this in Mastermind chat
um was
you have to imagine yourself as part of
a village your village is your total
addressable market and imagine you're
like a uh like the like this is an
ancient Village okay medieval village
and you're the teacher of uh swords
there the sword teacher okay you teach
soldiers how to fight right but you're
still a person that like like and this
is something that like I think is lost
in modern marketing today
um you're still a person you go to the
bar you drink you got family you've got
um you take time off right uh a lot of
marketers and influencers and content
creators and business owners like they
come in and like they are their business
right but if you look at me and like
like how I represent my brand uh I do a
lot of like different stuff right like I
talk about all kinds of different stuff
I talk about things I'm interested in
um I have like weird quirks I do I I
play a lot of video games I talk about
video games I like I I don't I'm not
like I don't have any like reservations
about taking time off if I don't have
anything to talk about or whatever
um and just making sure that all my
stuff kind of like hits pretty hard and
I don't really have any like objectives
around that I want to be a living
functioning member of the town right at
an exactly the same way um if all you do
do is you start doing a lot of
hand-to-hand combat it's kind of
equivalent to like the merchant coming
into the town and being like Hello
Everybody by myself buy my oils it's
amazing potions this will make you
healthy and some people will be like oh
yeah I need the health potion like I'll
take that but most people be like that's
a [ __ ] salesman again like this guy's
always around like okay whatever and the
exact same way if you're oversaturated
on small marketing right um and you're
just like posting little things because
it's easy and you don't want to like do
the big scary stuff of making YouTube
videos and things eventually people just
be like oh there's the sales guy right
and they won't convert US High uh
especially in like these kind of Reddit
communities even though like a community
like valorent or CS go or League of
Legends might seem very large the amount
of regular posters on there is like five
percent of that audience and those
people are going to recognize you very
quickly so you'll want to come off as a
sales person that you want to come off
as a living breathing human Worm baby
and if you do that you will be more
popular in their eyes because you'll be
a normal person right people just want
to like interact with people that are
like them so that is how to like kind of
avoid that sort of like
um small marketing uh idea of like
becoming like this uh singular entity
that only sells to people people don't
want that right and and having big
diverse interests in creating all kinds
of different content is another good way
to do that especially because I I think
people don't really recognize now that
your YouTube channel doesn't have to be
as themed as it had in the past right it
can actually just be
um kind of about whatever because every
video is individually judged now
obviously you're to build a subscriber
base it's going to have to be similar
types of content but it can be pretty
different and pretty varied so I would
but the point here that I'm trying to
make is that most people that start
small marketing because they spend a
little bit of their time doing it and
see a lot of success get stuck doing it
and then they don't spend the seven
minutes of time the vast majority of
time that they are doing
um getting to build the actual brand you
can very easily uh build an entire brand
on Big Marketing but you can't really do
it on spot marketing like you're never
going to become like a Wendy's or like
an Applebee's by um you know going into
and doing hand-in-hand Combat on Twitter
but you will see those people doing that
right that is a part of their brand but
the vast majority of it is going to Big
Marketing stuff like television ads
articles PR things like that or right
Airbnb for example uh posted a uh ebitda
uh increase of like several hundred
million this year in a recession killing
it and their main marketing was
deliberate Big Marketing influencer
collaborations and 600 000 articles
written about them in one year uh mostly
promoted so that in 2022. so that is a
very good example of a company that's
like really making it happen via the Big
Marketing so I I wanted to provide an
overview here obviously there are entire
YouTube videos we could do just about
sales funnels about small marketing
about Big Marketing and things like that
but this is kind of an overview of how
you should think about this depending on
like your your section of the internet
and what you're trying to accomplish
um hopefully there is something here for
you the first thing you have to do is
Define your sales funnel and again there
may be people here who are content
creators who have just like don't
understand their funnel there actually
may be people here that have a product
or service and they only understand the
bottom of their funnel like I make stuff
on Etsy but I have no idea how to do
this stuff so they might have to think
about the top of their funnel but
thinking about this as a cohesive unit
can really help you and then thinking
about what level of big and small Market
you need to get there will be really
helpful so these are some core principal
um Concepts that I hope help you out we
haven't had a video that's like really
core marketing concepts in a little bit
so I wanted to post this one and
hopefully it's helpful to you thanks
everybody bye
