hello hello today we are going to talk
about how to find your purpose with a
usp
i get a ton of messages that are like
cool devon your information is nice and
you
have great business sense and i still
have no idea what to actually do what do
i actually do how do i find something
that defines myself or
um
do anything that defines myself i have
no idea what to do or if i am doing
something i don't know where to go with
it and how to make money off of it so
this is a
attempt at addressing that topic so
finding a purpose is not really a very
easy thing to do but i think
characterizing it in this form will help
a lot of people even if you kind of
already are on the right track it'll
help you define that so first what is uh
why am i using the framework of a usb a
usp is called a unique selling
proposition or position
i like position better usp is a unique
selling proposition or position so what
does that mean uh it really means to me
it is
what value
sets you apart right so like what
identity
or
thing concept practice sets you apart
what makes you unique
okay and today i want to talk about
what how what that is and also how to
find it um as objectively as i know how
i'm thinking a lot about this problem a
lot because i
throughout my entire life have wanted to
position myself
in a way
that makes me unique i like it and
these days i guess going over what i i
think about that
when i think of what truly makes me
unique it is
the ability to talk through
gaming industry and marketing trends and
new media platforms in a way that very
few people can
do and understand so that's great right
that that doesn't help you because like
it's nice that i got there but how did i
how did i get there and and what are the
frameworks of mine that i used to get
there so i'm going to give you some
step-by-step things that i think will
hopefully be helpful the first thing i
would do is understand your objective so
what we're talking about right now just
to bring everybody back before we get
into this is we are talking about how to
develop what makes you unique we're
talking about how to develop what gives
you an advantage over everyone else and
maybe i should take just a minute to
explain why that's important
if you have that ability you become
more
than just a person mr wayne you become
an idea
and what i mean is
you
suddenly encapsulate something that
people can look to you for and can find
expertise in when they think
about that thing i want to be
one of if not the only people that when
people think about new media platforms
like tick tock or like twitter or like
twitch especially twitch and youtube and
content creation and business creation
they think about me right they think
okay i think devin nash is a good
authority on that topic as well as a
couple of other things
in terms of marketing and attention i
want them to think about that right
there's a lot of different aspects of
those platforms and
importantly there are issues that i
don't care to be as identified with such
as
mental health
on those platforms i do talk about it
but like that's like not my jam right my
jam is marketing and attention on those
platforms there's tons of different
issues on those platforms
but those are the ones that i focus on
okay so
you need something that makes you unique
and makes you stand out from other
people that when they think about that
topic
that you are one of the people that
comes to mind
so the first thing
to
understand
is your objective right which is what
specifically do you want to accomplish
so i just stated for you what my
objective is in the marketing world i
want to be known as a serious authority
on new media especially on twitch and
youtube it's a pretty specific
objective and i also have very specific
ways of doing that because not only
what specifically do you want to
accomplish but where do you want to
accomplish it
and as you go through this video i think
you'll start to see how we formulate
building a real usp by asking ourselves
these high quality questions so where do
you want to accomplish it i want to
accomplish at first most of the work
that i was doing was on twitch and that
was where i wanted that to live but i
changed my objective and i said i want
that to live on youtube and i want that
to live on patreon and i want that to
live on discord i wanted to live on more
evergreen platforms so i changed where i
wanted to accomplish something so when
you understand what your objective is
and keep on you don't need to know what
you want to do yet
right that's that's later
um because i know that's that i'm going
to address that that's a big question a
lot of you have
what should i do
you have to understand your objective
first what specifically do you want to
accomplish do you want a lot of
followers do you want to want money
because those are two real separate
things you can have a lot of money and
no followers or almost no followers and
you could have a lot of followers and no
money
believe me
and i i see it all the time
so what specifically do you want to
accomplish do you um for me i want to
get this information out there i
actually don't particularly care how
many people consume it um i will
i will i will not go seriously out of my
way to clickbait something or do
something so egregious to get more
attention uh but i'll use techniques
that i know to do it but i want the
information out there i like talking
about it it's just something that i want
to do so that's why i want to accomplish
things on that level um
if you hear noise by the way there's
construction on my roof so i can't stop
that but that's going to be here but
okay i don't know i don't know if my mic
will pick it up
so what specifically do you want to
accomplish
and where do you want to accomplish it
right and then when do you want to
accomplish it
right so
is it now is it in two years when you're
more prepared as an expert like when are
you planning to launch this thing right
sooner is better than later
okay
second thing is understand your
demographic
so understanding your demographic means
who is the specific audience you want to
target
using the
[Music]
the the methodology that we have been
for this video who i want to target is i
want to target 16 to 36 year old mostly
male
people who are building businesses or
looking to build businesses in the new
media space
or uh those could be consecration
businesses this could be marketing or
advertising businesses or those could
just be people that are interested in
the space so there's a lot of people
like that too there's people that are
interested in the space maybe getting a
job there eventually or building a
career or they just like it and they're
doing something totally different
there's some people that are
representing brands that are interested
um you know there could just be a wide
gamut of people uh in that kind of
specific audience um now there's other
people that i'm happy to have in it um
my audience is like seven percent female
that's great um if there are women
entrepreneurs uh that's fantastic right
i i'm actually specifically trying to
cater a lot of work to
women in the game industry because i
think it's such a a big problem
not that they're there but that they're
they're not there
and uh so but that's that's not
specifically that's not really that's
more of like the objective right
less of like targeting my demographic my
demographic demographic's very specific
um
then
really importantly what problem do you
want to solve for them
okay so what problem do most of these 16
to 36 year old males have well this
video is actually answering one of those
problems like every single one of my
videos does
one of the problems that a lot of 60 and
36 year old men have is what the hell do
i do right like
what is my
thing right what like what okay oh this
video is attempting to answer that that
all of my videos are attempting to dance
or something like that right so what
problem do you want to solve
specifically for that demographic if you
have your audience is 65 year old people
right what kind of problems do they have
um maybe pain management is a problem
that they have and you want to do
physical therapy for them and that's
solving that problem for that specific
demographic you're already on your way
to understanding see like the the like
you've understood your objective i want
to help people in in aging years um get
out of pain because it's difficult for
them um the audience is 65 years old
plus and the problem i want to solve for
them is pain management right now you've
already defined your purpose by just
answering these two questions see how
easy that is it's it's really like when
you structure yourself around this as
you start to find your usp so understand
your demographic is really important and
understanding what problem you'll solve
for that particular demographic and what
problem more importantly that
demographic has
a really good example of this is tim
ferriss who's who i learned demographic
stuff from he's a pretty well well-known
self-improvement um type of dude he
um
uh he
for the four hour work week which is his
best selling book
defined a similar demographic of like 60
to 36 year old males predominantly out
of silicon valley and realized that
their problem was that they were working
too much so he realized that they just
started putting too many hours into the
office and it's just ridiculous so the
four-hour workweek was made to get those
people into a framework where they could
work less and that was a huge success
that launched a multi-multi-million
dollar business for him to this day
because he understood his demographic
and he understood what a problem was for
them um when you sort of specialize
into a demographic and you understand
that you start to try to understand that
demographic the more that you understand
the demographic the more that you will
start to see the problems they have and
um if you're it's easy to it's easier to
frame a demographic because um it's
easier to be passionate about
demographic i want to address people
that are 25 to 35 years old and
predominantly chinese i want to address
people that are 18 to 36 and
predominantly brazilian right like like
you like you'll start to see that those
those groups
of cultures and races have different
problems and those problems can be
answered by something that you're
passionate about solving cool all right
so three is mirroring um i actually
think this one's kind of out of step
with my notes but but um
who is maybe not who is creating
or making things
in this industry that you are impressed
by
okay so once you've understood your
objective and you understand your
demographic so you start to want to try
to look for people that inspire you for
me
um and particularly one of the things
that i knew my long-term future was
going to be on youtube i really liked
what totalbiscuit was doing i thought
that it was really cool he uh if you
don't remember totalbiscuit um john who
was a person who unfortunately passed
away from cancer a few years back but he
made videos about the meta of the gaming
industry and they were really insightful
commentary on how the gaming industry
just kind of is and i really really
liked that so i took a lot of
inspiration from that uh i also took a
lot of inspiration from gary vaynerchuk
who talks a lot about um marketing
concepts and uh advanced marketing
concepts especially the new media world
and you'll see a lot of corollaries to
um my type of stuff with him i also took
a lot of um
a lot from tony robbins who i think is
like phenomenal at self-improvement and
speaking and a lot from tim ferriss the
aforementioned person from before so you
will in a weird way when you find a lot
of people
who inspire you
and they draw you like
you'll innovate i don't believe there
are a lot of like really new ideas or
conceptually
instead
i think that there are innovations on
new on old ideas that look then like new
ideas so
everything that i've said
and i'm going to say has been said
before
but it hasn't been said in the package
and the way that i'm saying it and this
package could be the one that you open
that gets you to the next level right so
my
my work is a culmination of the
inspirations of other people before me
and you should make a list of three to
five people that inspire you on that
same level and watch a lot of their
stuff and get ideas from it i think it's
really important to consistently be
inspired especially when you're looking
for a usp you should be and you're young
you should be spending almost all of
your time consuming things that inspire
you and drive you to
look at new ideas
it's really really important you would
be surprised as an executive
how much time i spend
consuming new ideas i spend a lot of
time on new ideas and and and so
um
i'm not this is actually a topic for
another video but
uh that's a really important thing is i
i spend a lot of time consuming new
ideas uh i'm actually gonna write down
that that's a really important topic for
another video
okay
after miriam um what will you specialize
in
so
what will you do better
than anyone else
hopefully at the point that you're at
that you've understood your objective
your demographic and mirror you probably
understood the problem you're trying to
solve and you've found people that
inspire you you will now be able to
figure out what you can do better than
anyone else so for me one of the things
that i do better than anyone else is i
see trends before they happen this is
something that i have called on numerous
different occasions i'm not always right
but i'm usually right and if you are a
person that's like an investor and
you're right about 70 of the time you
are like a world-class investor if you
win 56 of your league matches you're a
pro player right
over a long span of time and i would say
that my prediction skills for what is
going to be
getting attention are around the 65 to
70 percent mark so i don't always get it
but i'm i'm usually there um
i sometimes i make some crazy
predictions like so and so is going to
blow up or whatever or or this thing is
going to take over and that doesn't work
but i've i've learned um
i'm very good at trend analysis
and i'm really good at understanding why
people put attention
to certain places and think about that
so i specialize in that and people come
um for
that but that but the thing i want to
tell you is that that is not a god-given
gift right
i don't have any particular ability to
do that beyond
through any kind of natural talent i
don't really believe in talent i have
just hyper focused on making
i'm being good at that over a long
period of time
and i've been wrong and i've not been
afraid to be wrong especially initially
people won't
this is kind of a the curse
and the the boon of being a business
person
people will only value you for your last
at bat so my last at bat if it's nfts
and web3 and cryptocurrency a lot of
people disagree with it that's what they
value before at that point if my next
one is a hit then uh and it gets 500 000
views then that's what they value me for
and then over time people build a
picture of it but that picture could be
shattered in a single bad pr move or or
whatever or a single good one so you're
only really as good as your last bat at
bat
and so it's important for people to
maintain their perception of you by
based on like what you will actually
specialize in
so
what can you do better than anyone else
in the field that you're doing it in and
that is just a um
the main thing i want you to take away
from this section is that that is not a
talent thing it is a decision thing for
what you will focus on i focus a lot on
trends i read a lot about that back to
the previous section on like getting
inspired by people in this industry i
spend a lot of time on podcasts and talk
shows and speaking with other analysts
and experts and listening to people that
know a lot about specific subjects to
build an opinion on this i could say
with confidence there's like no talent
in what i do like it's just it's just
time right so you have to show where
you're gonna put that time
philosophically specialized there's
people that say specializing is for
insects um and the jacks of all trades
are better this is just i don't have
time to explain why this is
categorically untrue but this is just a
wrong statement um specialization in the
human world is the
real competitive advantage that we have
especially in a society where we are
moving more and more towards work that
is valued for its creativity and its
thought and less towards like actual
industry which can be replaced by like
robots and [ __ ] so
the
amount of
specialization that you do
separates you from other people and that
separation creates scarcity and scarcity
creates value so specialization is
really important
that's another video idea
all
right
next one is what values and principles
set you apart
now this one i think is going to
surprise people
values and principles are super
important
you should build a set of principles
that you almost never if not never
compromise
that define not only what you do in the
business world but also who you are
so for example
i will always no matter how much i
charge somebody give back a hundred
percent of the money
that they pay me if they are unhappy
with my service and it doesn't matter
how ridiculous their claim is i will
give it back i have done this several
times over the course of my career and
sometimes a great detriment to myself
so that's one example of like a value
that sets that i think sets me apart
right um another one is that like in the
business world
um my staff can solve any problem under
250 like just without asking me
um and as the company grows that that
number grows so like at larger companies
that number was like 500 or a thousand
dollars
values and principles this is a harder
one a lot more general you may you may
or may not already have like an idea of
this and it's actually hard for me to
conceptualize i have like so many of
these like embedded values and
principles that they
um
here's another one like i don't lie to
people in business i do not lie to them
i will literally tell them at detriment
to myself or losing that client and it
will not work for them that's a big one
actually so like um there have been so
many times on the on the phone where
somebody is like tells me they have like
a hundred thousand hundred fifty
thousand dollar budget and then
um
they wanna do some kind of campaign and
the way they wanna do the campaign
actually just happened the other week is
a a very large
uh i just try to be careful here because
i can't really name the client but like
they're a food and drink client they
came to me and they want to do a
campaign on twitch with giveaways and
they are a
semi-localized they do drive through
stuff so like they're a semi-localized
company i outright just told them you
will not make money doing this this is
not worth your time but and that was it
like i didn't take the job i didn't get
the money my agency didn't get the money
i have left
millions of dollars that's not an
exaggeration on the table because of
that principle but what it does i think
is create an authenticity that is
priceless the i i am i'm always going to
have that principle
it's hard this is a really hard section
to convey
how
much i believe in this another example
is like i won't do nft show coins or art
like i just won't there's a lot of money
in it there's like there's like tens and
hundreds of thousands of dollars of
people willing to pay for that but i
just won't take those i'll only take
those projects that i think i'm really
interested in when it comes to web3
stuff that's actually getting done
at least as far as i can see
so leaving a lot of money on the table
you don't have to do this by the way you
take everybody everything comes through
your door like i'm not i'm not advising
this i'm just trying to tell you that
try to give you a framework so that you
can define your own values and
principles of what sets you apart right
maybe you always treat somebody a
certain way or maybe you always call
back your customer 30 days
after
the job and just ask them how things are
going right those are values and
principles that you need to define that
are really good i should have that value
in principle but i'm too lazy uh half
excel is too good of a game all right
six
and last
what are you doing
to improve the industry world place
you're in for the better
so finally
what is the thing that you are doing to
improve the world of industry in place
i think what we're doing at novo is we
are making the process of working
together
with brands and influencers more
transparent and
clearer to understand and more ethical i
think that's what we're doing the agency
world in hollywood and also in
entertainment is notoriously unethical
everybody's trying to screw everybody
and it's extremely easy because
influencers typically don't have the
business knowledge that someone like i
do i do so i can abuse that really
easily what i'm trying to do is i'm
trying to
normalize the pricing
normalize the expectations and the
deliverables on both sides and make this
industry a more ethical place where
people feel more comfortable to create
i'm also trying to push the industry to
try to accept norms that are still
outside of its boundaries like women in
gaming or
minorities in gaming i think that's
really important so what are you going
to do to improve the industry or world
of place you're in for the better and
actually if you only answer this
question you have a usp even if you
don't do any of the other work that i
said in this and you don't answer any of
these other questions if all you set out
to do regardless of the money in it is
try to make the world a better place you
will probably succeed in a way that you
didn't expect when i went into esports
the reason i went into esports in the
way that i did was that i saw that a lot
of players were not
at anywhere near their actual potential
like they're basically just grinding
solo queue in whatever game they're in
particular like the lcs with absolutely
like no
practices no health habits no meditation
no visualization no team synergy nothing
i was like this is an entire industry
where we could uplift people and the
mission for me and esports i think i've
never said this before but the mission
for me in esports was
i wanted to elevate other people
through the players i wanted those
players to be icons to other aspiring
gamers who were coming up to make that
not only just in terms of being a good
player at a game but being a good person
and i i saw all of those players as
potential people who could inspire other
people and that's why
i was so
attracted to people like aphromoo like
who was inspiring an entire group of
african-american minorities to be gamers
that they didn't think was possible
before you can't believe how many people
would go to zack and be like yo i'm the
reason you're playing games like oh
you're the reason i'm playing games it
was so cool it was so cool to see it
like it was it was really awesome and
and that actually launched into this
like like um this whole nova thing which
is like now i believe that influencers
are one of the gateways into
um
really changing the world for the better
if you harness that correctly i mean
obviously it can also go the other way
but that's one of the reasons i'm here
is because i want it to go the right way
and so when you look at what you're
trying to do to improve the industrial
world or place you're in for the better
i think you'll find um a lot of ideas
that surprise you
so
if you answer these high quality
questions
or you just at least keep asking them
here's where i i will stop right i can't
tell you what to do
i i i ca it's not possible for me to
answer that question for you
even if i i did answer it
um it wouldn't be yours it has to be
authentically yours this thing so
you have to continuously ask yourself
these questions even if you found if you
think you found your usp you still have
to ask these questions all the time
and then i promise that if you ask these
questions in a high quality way and you
keep it top of mind and you write and
you journal you will find your usp every
single person on earth has a usb every
single person has a purpose that they
can drive towards to make the world a
better place and um the the real the
real hard zen lesson of this is that if
you actually um the entire time that i
did this whole thing and to date i
really don't care about what it earns i
have no
real attachment to the money that comes
from it uh honestly and like i know it
sounds really stupid coming from the ceo
of a company that sold a company all the
stuff right i'm cool with just hanging
out in an ashram i did it before right
like and just like meditating the rest
of my life with no money i'm fine right
like the value that comes most of my
money is in cash ultimately right like i
don't like do anything with it i don't
own a house or expensive i drive a
toyota corolla which is a car i was
forced to get because my uh
my um
girl is a
wanted to drive you know like like i'm
not that kind of i'm not that dude so
what i'm saying the reason i'm telling
you that is because um i set out with
the idea that i just wanted to make
certain places a little bit better and
it worked really well for me and i think
it'll work really well for you too just
keep these things top of mind keep
thinking about them and it will inspire
you eventually and you'll just it'll fit
you'll you'll find yourself in those
places the worst thing you can do is
stop asking yourself these questions and
give up don't ever do that as long as
you keep asking the questions the fight
is still on thank you for watching and
leave comments and tell me what you
think
