hello today we are going to go over some
mid to Advanced business Concepts that
are not really discussed in the circle
of small business or content creation
but they're really normal at like high
levels I think that this is stuff that
most people would really benefit to know
and it's going to be several definitions
and this is a very technical and sort of
objective video that is just going to
help people Define their business and
help succeed by some metrics that I
think they can follow that will be
really important starting with
um a couple of considerations so you're
going to need to understand what
um your burn rate and your Opex is for
these calculations and if you don't
think that applies to you it does we're
going to explain what those are first so
burn rate means essentially to me it
means the amount that you're burning
you're spending
per month
so this is like to run your business and
Opex is also operating expenses so this
could be the same thing it could be a
little bit different it's a little bit
different usually because it's how much
money
it costs to run the business
per month these are things like
utilities these are things like internet
bills and like if you're a content
creator you're already saying oh well I
don't like really have operating
expenses but you do if you're a small
business owner or a content creator your
actual expense is your time and your
time is actually worth something this is
the one of the biggest misconceptions
that creators have is that they think
that their operating expenses and their
burn rate is very low
um because they're running a broadcast
they're on a YouTube channel costs
almost nothing right maybe an internet
bill or maybe like an Adobe Premiere
subscription but your time is worth
something and if you are a small
business or an operator just it's just
on your own you have to consider your
time as part of your operating expenses
if you're just like a one-man person or
a one woman person so let me explain how
that works so you should calculate your
time
by an hourly rate that you could earn
I'll put like could in capital letters
if you were doing something else
so for example if you could feasibly get
paid a hundred dollars an hour
in order to do something else and you
spend eight
hours
streaming or making videos and you're
not making that kind of money from doing
that right then you're all your your
actual Opex is or opportunity cost is
like
800 it's not purely a Opex or burn rate
thing because you're not actually
burning that money so it's really your
opportunity cost is is that time
variable so you should consider that but
operating expenses in Burbank are going
to look really low to people that are
like
um just running you know solo business
and actually that's also indicative of a
problem we're going to talk about today
because if you have operating expenses
and your burn rate is very low and
you're making quite a bit of money that
actually means that you're not investing
enough money back into your business
which is something we're going to talk
about okay so first we're going to
Define some terms and we're going to go
over like why they're important so we'll
Define burn rate we're going to Define
that as the amount of money you're
spending per month generally if your
burn rate is very high and it's higher
than the amount that you're making you
have a business that's in debt or going
into debt this is the vast amount of
businesses the State of Affairs for a
lot of VC backed companies and companies
that have funding there are many
companies in the Esports space and the
gaming space uh and and the agency space
causing the creation space that have
gotten some amount of capital raised but
are actually or making money and they're
they're people that need to look at
their burn rate Opex is usually okay for
most people that are going to be
watching this video your operating
expenses are not going to be too high
um on a financial statement these are
things like utilities these are things
like I'd say like internet costs or
employee costs can Will usually be like
your highest Opex expense as like these
are the employees that you need to
operate your business so the reason why
Opex is useful is like you can you
should understand it is you can look at
like what you're spending per month and
you can say okay maybe I'm spending like
500 on subscriptions or things that like
my we don't use so we'll periodically do
a run on Opex and figure out where we're
at as a business every month or so just
to make sure we're not like overspending
on certain areas so okay now we're going
to talk about some ways to evaluate
customer value so you're gonna have two
concepts called LTV and CAC okay so LTV
is lifetime value of customer CAC is
cost of acquisition back
acquisition yep
oh my God per customer
okay
lifetime value of a customer means how
much value that customer is providing
you
in terms of monetary value
for the totality of their time with you
so you take if you're selling like a
product for example
and
well let's make it really easy let's say
you're a store and you have 10 products
okay each cost
ten dollars
and
the average customer
buys four products right and then they
never buy anything again the average
lifetime value of a customer is going to
be forty dollars this is four products
for ten dollars so you know you know
that data because you'd have like
Shopify or something like that so
obviously LTV can be a little bit harder
to quantify for like non-econ burst
based businesses or non-commerce based
businesses where they're selling a
direct product or service let's say that
you're a consultant and you charge 200
an hour and your average customer
engages you two times before leaving
then your LTV is uh 200 or 400 so let's
use that example consultant 200 an hour
average customer equals two times and
then they leave so that's 400 total okay
now we're gonna apply that to CAC the
cost to acquire a customer
the cost of requiring a customer
can basically be up to 3.99 dollars
and you'll make a profit right so if
your cost per acquisition of customer
goes over your total lifetime value of a
customer you have a bad business
and so that's how these two numbers are
used so there are ways to address each
side of this right
um and some people might say well what
do you mean but how do you acquire a
customer so when I say acquire a
customer what would a cost be for
acquired a customer this might be
unfamiliar terms for people that are in
content creation where like your your
customer quote like just kind of comes
to you and if we're like watching a
YouTube video or something like that but
actually there is a cost to acquire in
that customer you just don't have it
calculated so even like if you're
running a patreon or something like that
like there's a there's a cost to
acquiring that customer again it might
be an opportunity cost right or it might
be an actual cost but when we say
acquiring a customer what we really mean
is we are
either putting money into paid
advertising maybe we're doing some kind
of add somebody somewhere or maybe we
are paying an affiliate right there's a
million different ways that you can pay
to acquire customers
and generally speaking if you have a um
uh cost per acquisition to acquire a
customer that is lower than the LTV of
that customer it's great right but it's
not usually that simple because
oftentimes you have a a cost to produce
your product and that would usually be
called a cause which is cost of goods
sold or sorry cogs
uh cost of goods sold so let's say that
it caught that you sell
a t-shirt for twenty dollars right and
you make
them for ten dollars right then your
margin is fifty percent that's the
difference between the 20 and 10 right
so just that's fifty percent and then
your profit is ten dollars per shirt so
now if I know that the average customer
only buys one shirt I don't really have
nine dollars
or sorry nineteen dollars to spend on
acquiring them I actually only have nine
dollars because I'm only making nine
dollars after cost of goods sold so if
you're a product based business and you
have to figure out how much it costs to
uh make a product and for that reason
software companies SAS companies apps
and that kind of stuff have a much
higher cost per acquisition of customer
on average because their margins are
higher right they may make the product
once it may cost them X thousands of
dollars or or millions of dollars in
products like producing the actual
product but then after that maintaining
the product just as an Opex expense
overhead of running some employees
support stuff like that so generally
speaking you have to kind of evaluate
these things against your business I
think it's easiest to understand in the
context of product but hopefully I've
explained it in a way that makes sense
for the
um businesses that are doing like more
ephemeral things like uh SAS or or apps
or things like that okay so that's uh
that's how you evaluate these numbers
and there are a couple of ways to
approach this so you could obviously
lower your cost of acquisition per
customer maybe you find a way to do
better ads maybe you find like you
switch from Google AdWords to like Bing
and it saves you like 20 now your your
cat goes down by 20 there's also ways to
increase the lifetime value of your
customer and for most people listening
to this I think that's what you should
focus on so if you are a content creator
right you can encourage people to
subscribe and add subscription benefits
for longer subscript subscribers so
something could increase your LTV even
if you don't even understand this number
and you take in your mind you have no
way to calculate it you could increase
your LTV by doing something like hey all
subscribers after 12 months get XYZ
right like get some kind of like maybe a
phone call or like some kind of like
video series or something like that
right that would increase your LTV
without you even understanding what this
is and my objective here in this video
is to get you to understand these
numbers
um so that you can apply them to your
business because there's like even if
you don't know the numbers on a
month-to-month basis you should know
them but even if you don't you
understanding things in these in this
terminology will help you make better
decisions
okay next thing I want to um highlight
is mrr so mrr is monthly recurring
Revenue
and monthly recurring Revenue just means
the amount of money
you can reliably
depend on per month right so
companies like Netflix or people that
have like twitch and they have
subscriptions or YouTube and they have
subscriptions can reliably patreon write
another good example can reliably
if they've had 12 months of people
paying two thousand dollars a month to
be there you could reliably say that
okay next month my MRI is going to be
about two thousand dollars now there's
ways to increase MMR right like you can
increase subscribers you can raise
prices all kinds of ways to do that but
just understanding this as the most
reliable form of Revenue in order to
address things like operating expenses
or or and such like I value mrr over any
other form of Revenue
if I make twenty thousand dollars
because I land a decent deal in a month
that means like a lot less to me than
like two thousand dollars over the
course of 10 months because I know I can
rely on that two thousand dollars and
let's say that I get three or four deals
like that well if I have six thousand
dollars on hand that I can rely on I can
probably hire another employee because I
Now understand my monthly recurring
Revenue can support that employee but if
I earn twenty thousand dollars and then
and then like my Opex goes up for some
reason or my burn rate goes up for some
reason my expenses go up now I'm not
sure I can reliably hire that employee
because I just don't under I just don't
understand if um I don't I just don't
know if it's a good idea to do so
because I may be in a situation where
I've burned all that capital on
something else and now I can't actually
pay that person right
um and for that reason there's another
concept called Cash Flow
which means cash coming into the
business
which is really important because if
cash flow most people think like okay if
I'm earning money then I just have the
cash but that's not actually true right
you're invoicing people you may have it
may take time for those people to pay
you it's not usually one to one like if
you're just marketing to Consumers and
people are paying you then it's one to
one but let's say you're like an agency
like us it may be like 90 days or like
120 days before we get paid and that
usually sits into something called
accounts receivable
which is the amount of money that you're
owed but not paid yet and most
businesses will fight tooth and nail for
you to
um for to pay you as late as possible
right they want to hold on to their cash
um for the same reasons we're talking
about here so for that reason like at
Novo we we ask for all money up front we
we basically that we had our AR problem
was so we had such a big problem we had
like lots of AR that was like six or
seven months outstanding and that was
such a big problem that we couldn't pay
creators on time because creators would
do activations and deliverables and then
we didn't have the cash on hand to pay
them we now just demand All Brands pay
us up front and we completely eliminated
the AR problem and now we just have cash
flow so understanding cash flow means
like okay I've got fifty thousand
dollars in cash in this business I can
pay XYZ and these are all decisions you
would make or kind of indicators you
would have if you were thinking about
like expanding if you're thinking about
hiring right if I'm thinking about
hiring an employee the first thing I
look at is like well what's my cash flow
for the next six months and what's like
reliable so what's mrr and then like how
do I expect my operating expenses to
increase and like can I actually bring
that person on and retain that person
for a reasonable like amount of time
before
um I run out of cash or I run into other
problems and those will be the
evaluations I make to like expand a
business okay so it like if you're
thinking about bringing on team members
to like your One-Stop shop these are
numbers that will really change your
whole business to understand because you
will be able to make more informed
decisions about when to hire and when to
add to your team I have a lot of people
come to me and ask me when should I
expand my business or when should I add
somebody onto my team and the answer is
when you are reliable what do you
reliably have enough monthly recurring
revenue or cash flow coming in over
enough of a period of time that you
could like feasibly bring that person on
for four to six months and not damage
your business and have to fire them
immediately because and that said um
I think it's time for the talk that most
of you that are watching this are
probably not spending enough money
reinvesting into your business you
probably don't if you're a content
creator right like you certainly are not
this is like a problem that 99 of
content creators are are not doing is
like their paycheck is just their living
expenses so twitch pays you 2 000 a
month YouTube pays you three thousand
dollars a month whatever and that just
goes into your rent and what and your
living expenses so you do not have a
business just be very clear you're not
like an entrepreneur or anything if you
are living this way you have a job you
just start you work for Google that's
all or you work for Amazon it's exactly
the same thing right you're just a 1099
contractor literally when you when you
fill out your taxes you're a 1099
contractor for Amazon or Google that's
all you do so that is not a business a
business is something that you are
reinvesting money into in order to get a
capital return from and that is why I'm
going to now introduce you to the most
important thing we're going to talk
about today and that is roic which is
return on investment capital so roic I
think is the most important metric that
you need to think about in terms of how
to actually physically run a business
and it's calculated by
um you take the so number one is you
take the after tax
operating income
okay of your business
which includes debt and equity
and then you I'm sorry so you take the
after so I have to look at my formula so
you have to take the after tax operate
income right
and then you divide that by the debt and
Equity okay so
um the formula is Roc equals after tax
operating income
divided by debt plus equity
so if you're making a hundred thousand
dollars a year after taxes really
important
um and you have no debt right then your
OIC is a hundred thousand dollars
um or a hundred percent and that's
really good right if you have like ten
thousand dollars in the business so now
it's like ninety percent or ninety
thousand dollars
um and Equity is like probably not
important for most like One-Stop shops
uh but that's just like a 500 because
you're probably the only owner in your
business so after tax operated income is
really important because most people
don't think of the money that they have
is not all theirs if you're a 1099
contractor remember that like you have
to pay back 30 of that at the end of the
year
um to uh you know in April to um the IRS
in the United States or whatever your
equivalent is and you can't get around
that so after tax operating income is
really important
so if your roic is really good that
means you're using your your Capital
effectively
and used in conjunction with these other
metrics you have a very good idea of how
your business is operating now um let's
go to like my talk about how much money
you're putting back into your business
if you know your roic and you have an
available amount of after-tax income
operating income
that you're you're not using right
you're using that on living expenses
you're storing it in a bank account or
something you are not expending your
business you're doing a disservice to it
because
the um
the only real way to expand a business
is to use your money to make more money
and so for most like One-Stop shops that
comes in the form of hiring somebody to
do something or do the the the tasks
that you either don't want to do or that
are taking a lot of your time
so that you can focus on the highest
income earning activity that your
business possibly could do so let's say
that the majority of the time I have to
like write contracts or I'm sort of like
writing deals out but the most amount of
money I can make for my business is
outbound sales negotiating with large
vendors
then I want to hire somebody to do that
part of my process if you're a content
creator this is a super easy thing to do
that 99 of people just don't do right
you hire an editor you hire someone that
can take away all those tasks of
operating the content and producing the
content and your entire Focus becomes
making content and if you have extra
operating income and you're doing quite
well most people should start thinking
about how to spend that money back on
the business to increase it so you want
to think in terms of like okay
um if I
make
you know ten thousand dollars extra well
that's I could pay somebody three or
four thousand dollars a month to handle
like these tasks and then I can free up
my time to and I estimate that that
would you know two or three x my
business
on hand
okay so those are some of the ways that
we evaluate our business here
and the big one I would say is like
don't forget taxes
and hopefully this helps frame your
thinking
in terms of like okay if I understand
these metrics I can make more informed
decisions about when I should expand or
how I should operate my business
and I I'd say that most of the problem I
see
in one stop shops or like content
creators is they just aren't
they are they don't have a burn rate so
I and I see what's crazy is I see this
with people that are they're generating
Maybe
hundreds of thousands of dollars in cash
and they don't have teams they have no
burn rate to help expand their business
so they're actually stagnating they're
huge they might have like 50 000 viewers
or some crazy number on Twitch or five
million subscribers or 10 million
subscribers but they're dying because
their business isn't expanding
eventually like their relevance will
fall off because they're not like
innovating or or creating new things
they're just they're just writing
content and that's especially relevant
too to like people that have like 50
viewers or like 10K subscribers
oftentimes if you're making an extra two
thousand dollars a month in profit the
last thing you want to do is sync that
into a business you view it as a really
high risk you think like hiring a person
might just be a waste of money but that
is how you expand and that's the reason
why most people don't expand is they're
not willing to take the risk to sink
that money back into their business
they'd rather have it in their bank
account they'd rather invest it even
though they're not investors like
they're not your job isn't being an
investor like that's a that's a very
common thing I get which is like hey I'm
making some money and I want to put that
into the S P 500 or whatever like you
should invest that back into your
business you should put that money back
into resources or human resources that
are going to help your business grow you
should take that risk you should not put
that into the S P 500 because you're not
an investor you're a you're a business
owner and you're trying and like if you
could 10x the thing that you're doing
you're gonna make infinitely more money
than you ever would if you were making
Investments so when I was operating
businesses traditional businesses
especially smaller ones that didn't have
um
any kind of funding or anything like
that I was putting 100 of my money back
into those businesses Novo for example
was 100 built on our own Capital we
don't have any outside investment and we
deliberately started this business in a
way that kept Opex very low so that we
didn't have to put in a lot of
investment capital
um there's a warning too for this will
be like 0.01 of people but maybe you'll
be in this position
for people that are trying to get funded
or
um are funded my experience is that
people that like don't know how to build
a business from the ground up with Opex
that's reasonable and a burn rate that's
reasonable we'll certainly not know how
to do it when they're charged with
spending or operating on you know
whatever millions of dollars a VC gets
you and that's I think one of the big
reasons why a lot of VC businesses VC
back businesses fail
for example imagine like giving an
Esports kid you know 10 million dollars
15 million dollars when they never even
spent a hundred thousand dollars and
then expecting that person to like turn
that into a cash flow generating
basically it's impossible right like
they're never going to do it so you need
to be really wary of uh people bearing
gifts so we we've had several offers to
be invested in
um to the tune of like millions and
millions of dollars and that sounds very
attractive but in reality like if we
build a business from the ground up with
reasonable Opex reasonable burn rate and
generates profit and we understand the
value of our customer and we're
acquiring that customer for
significantly less than the value of
that customer then we build a good
business and eventually that valuation
is hundreds of millions of dollars right
not like you know 10 to 15 million
dollars and that's basically been our
plan here at Novo
um
and and so I would pass that on to you
that as you start building these things
out and you start realizing how each of
these things can apply so that can help
you you'll be better informed to and
Build a Better Business overall because
you're building it based on like real
fundamentals which is especially
important now that we're kind of in a
recession economy but it's it's
important all the time uh so cool I hope
this helped you out uh it's a little bit
technical but I I think that if you pay
attention to these definitions and you
learn about them they will become more
useful over time as you grow your
business and uh will be valuable all
right bye
