hello from time to time I get questions
that I think deserve a video response
rather than a written one because they
can benefit everybody so there are some
Concepts in these questions that we're
going to go over today this is a mashup
of questions that are from The
Mastermind chat that I haven't gotten to
answering yet and I just think are
beneficial to everybody for example this
first one is going to be about
opportunity cost and risk and we're
going to analyze through this question
how everybody can kind of look at risk
and look at opportunity in their own
lives this comes from Nomad and it says
I have a conundrum I am currently a
production supervisor Cheese Factory
it's done extremely well for me but I'm
bored and interested in the work and
lately have been pretty frustrated with
a number of things plus working a second
shift at the age of 23 is certainly
taking a tool on me I'm 31 now so it
goes on to say that he saw an internal
job posting for a process lab technician
which does tests for cheese but it's a
pay cut three to four dollars an hour
but is also the first shift so my
homework life balance will be better I'd
be able to spend time with my fiance and
my sleep schedule maybe wouldn't be so
bad also present opportunity to dive
deeper to professional DMM and I my
availability would be so much more
accommodating to the markets inside the
available afternoons instead of only
after 3 P.M anyway so should I put my
name in for the job or leave it be I
might be happier but I'm afraid of the
financial loss for reference I made 5000
years production supervisor so we're
gonna take this question that's our
first question and we're going to look
at opportunity cost and risk so the
first thing that I think about when I
read this question is that the question
is already answered if you look at how
Nomad has written this response
sometimes if you just write out your
response and you read it back the
answer begets is what you wrote you just
you wrote in your actual true desire in
the answer itself so what did he write
well look at how he bolded the words my
availability would be so much more
accommodating my work life would be bet
would be better I'd have a chance to
pursue that hobby I could spend time
with my fiance he's writing this
question in such a way that comes from
all the benefits that are
um going to happen he's not writing it
from like the risk versus like the
opportunity it's clear that in his mind
he sees that the opportunity is much
higher to do all these things and the
risk is like pretty minimal there's only
a couple of mentions of it so this is
absolutely you should take the
opportunity as a process lab technician
um and you should take the pay cut so
let's talk about some of the concepts of
like how this works in everybody's life
and apply it here so um the first thing
you need to look at when you're thinking
about opportunity is you need to look at
your age and that's because
time is something that we all have
um
a limited amount of
and if we are going to make a career
shift or a change the younger we do that
the better
but I I like for me that's like if I'm
below the age of 50 I still think I can
take huge life-changing risks without
any difficulty so it takes about two to
five years of dedicated work to like
build up your expertise professionally
and you can easily reset to zero a bunch
of times
um and there's a concept in in
self-improvement that I was introduced
to me by Tim Ferriss I don't know who
really originally had it and it's called
catastrophic risk catastrophic risk is a
really cool framework this sort of
helped me think about how I view the
world so in life if you look at
something like this this three to four
dollar an hour pay cut that's a risk
right so the risk might be you can't pay
your bills your quality of life goes
down those are like the risks that are
outlined here the fear is that like oh
like my quality of life might go down I
might be unhappy because I'm struggling
more with finances
what a catastrophic risk is is a
catastrophic risk is something that if
you do this I you cannot go back from it
so for example if you go skydiving the
parachute fails to open and you die
that's a catastrophic risk right less
dramatically though let's say that you
change your career and you quit your job
in a really bad way and now that job is
a niche enough that like nobody in that
place will hire you except like Esports
for example where like you make such a
bad impression on TSM or something that
nobody will ever hire you right that's
like possible it's very rare but that's
like that would be considered like
something of like a minor catastrophic I
think even then it's not a cash driver
it's basically imagine something that
you could go
um you can't go back on if it sounds
like I'm having a lot of trouble
bringing up examples of catastrophic
risks that's because I am having that
trouble there are very few catastrophic
risks in life and if you start thinking
in this framework you start to realize
that wow okay I could like probably
realistically bounce back from almost
anything like okay I lose all my stuff
my fiance in this example leaves me
um I I lose my entire job it's not like
at the cheese factory like well there
are other cheese factories I can work
with are there other like places I can
go from here like there are so many
opportunities to
um that to bounce back from something
that might be described as category why
categorically as catastrophic risk we
tend to think it's like losing our job
as catastrophic risk or so but like it's
not or losing our relationship or
something like we really are attached to
it's it's just it's almost never the
case it's almost never the case so for
that reason if it's not catastrophic
risk you should always prioritize growth
happiness and qol right quality of life
money is never a catastrophic thing even
if you have zero you can work your way
back up from nothing like with what you
know with like your you could get a job
somewhere work really hard and like
build yourself back up there's a really
great quote from Andrew Carnegie that
says take all of my factories and take
all of my assets but like leave my sales
people leave what I know and I'll be
back up and running in like a couple of
weeks right and I believe that too like
I think you could shut down my whole
agency I think you could shut down
everything that I have take my office on
my computers everything take all that
stuff away I'll be back at a
multi-million dollar agency and inside
of six months like just with like what I
have in my head so you have to take that
kind of confidence and kind of make
leaps like this I think that anything
that you end up losing in terms of your
like Financial
um situation is going to be gained back
in whatever like side hustle like this
professional dming thing sounds sick
there's a a person in our community that
does this
um here on the Discord so I like I
highly encourage this is awesome
so yeah oftentimes I I think it's
helpful this framework to think in terms
of catastrophic risk like is something
really good like what is it going to
take for me really to bounce back from
this and like even like a two or three
year decision if you make a mistake
that's like so bad that it sets you back
like two or three years like not a big
deal like and and trust me the amount
that you learn from making that level of
mistake there are like entrepreneurs and
and super high functioning people that
would like wish they would make a
mistake like that because the growth and
what they learn will be so much greater
always in life always in life there is
so much more to gain from the mistakes
you make as long as you're actually just
executing and taking action
um the only danger you have the real
risk you have is you end up freeing up
all this time and getting a better
schedule and you don't do anything with
it so you don't use that to execute and
in that case like
um you're not like really growing
forward that's the actual risk right
it's it's not
um it's not it's not Financial never
Financial all right so great question
and now we're going to move on to a
YouTube question from noctopus who
actually has phenomenal questions and
that is I I want to do a separate video
about this probably for the main YouTube
but I wanted to answer this for so many
people who are creating on YouTube or
are interested in YouTube I keep seeing
so much doom and groom about YouTube is
there any reason to be worried about
their policy changes if you just adapt
your content I could see how you do only
videos on games could get demonetized
but swearing could just censor it so
um here's what's happening on YouTube
so there's a relationship on YouTube
between the YouTube itself
and then what we call the media buyers
and then you the content creator media
buyers are people who are buying ads
they're people like me who have a budget
from a brand and they run an agency I
have X number of dollars to spend on
YouTube either directly on influencers
or on paid ads I'm trying to get some
kind of outcome like I'm trying to
increase the sales of X product for this
brand or whatever and I'm what's called
aor or agency of record for that um that
brand so
um
when I make my media buys I'm making
them Loosely or more or strictly kind of
just depends on the relationship based
on what the brand wants so if brands are
coming to me and saying we feel like
where the ads we feel like the ads that
are being shown with our our product on
it are not what we represent not the
values we represent as a brand then I'll
stop media buys and if enough of those
people I'll change them and if enough of
those Brands come to me and come to
different agencies and do that YouTube
will change its algorithm to be more
brand friendly and that is what has
happened the the so you have to kind of
imagine this as sort of a c with
thousands of living things in it okay
about millions of living things each
living thing is an agency it's a
conversation with a YouTube rep it's an
ad buy five dollars here fifty thousand
dollars here and this sort of C is kind
of creating the whole conversation of
okay risk versus reward do we demonetize
channels that are
um potential risks
uh of upsetting brands
um or do we allow that content for the
viewing experience
and it's always worth it for YouTube to
demonetize an individual Channel rather
than possibly lose a media buyer because
media buyers are paying millions of
dollars in ads this is what makes the
world go around
if you have followed me for a while you
might remember I would periodically have
these conversations with people on uh
podcasts who would be telling me
something like oh the world is moving
towards a more uh like you know like the
people that consider themselves brand
risks the the twitch streamers they call
themselves brand risks all the time
and the and these people they say well
the world is moving towards more of
um a a like being accepting of brand
risk people and and sooner or later all
these advertisers will realize that all
of the people
um their their ostracizing by being
brand friendly
and I'm here to tell you that that is
completely and utterly wrong completely
wrong the world is not moving towards
being less
um risk phobic the world is moving
towards being much more risk phobic the
polarization especially in the United
States of different political parties of
different religious parties is caught in
the ad world is causing people to be
more fearful than ever of for us like
the the the the literal use cases like
you've got somebody that has like an
extreme opinion and they see an ad and
they hate it
um because the ad like is speaks to that
and now they go email everybody and they
they get they get angry they they get
their Community to never buy that
product right like this is like the
nightmare that runs through people's
minds over and over again we we tend to
think that we're moving towards like a
more Progressive World in terms of like
um receiving ads but that is the opinion
of like a real niche of like YouTubers
and twitch streamer who don't actually
do these ad buys and don't like talk to
these brands or have any interaction
with them whatsoever like their
interaction with a brand is like
um starforge systems that's like a very
twitch Centric brand literally run by
twitch people like these are this is not
where all the money is this is not where
all the detention is the average person
that is between the ages of like 24 to
like 36 like doesn't want a lot of like
cursing or like heavy political rhetoric
or or like offensive rhetoric in their
ads they just don't want to be bothered
by ads so
um YouTube is going to con the reason
why I I put all that context is like if
you understand what's actually happening
you realize that like YouTube is going
to continue to make these kind of
changes in favor of Brands and you have
to just adapt your content as you noted
to um to this just don't curse or or
curse less and cover things that are not
so controversial and understand that
like the ad world is just fueled by
these kind of things it's not YouTube
tube making a decision to punish content
creators that's such a that's such a
narrow view of what's actually happening
it's it's you quite literally the you
the person are just part of the global
decision of why this is happening
um you and everybody like you that
consumes these ads has decided in
majority that you don't want to see
cursing you don't want to see sexuality
into the it offends people and so you
may not be the like you have an
individual Viewpoint of like what is
okay like for me example I don't care
what an ad is like it could be full nude
it could be all the cursing I don't care
what it is but I understand that like
that view in differing levels is
reflective like there are still ads that
could offend me and that I wouldn't buy
that product just because I'm so annoyed
by it right
um so that entire View kind of comes
together to make these kind of policies
and I can tell you that these policies
are going to get worse not better so you
just sort of have to adapt like you you
might hate the game but everybody's
playing it so you yeah that's where you
have to be
um yeah create less controversial
content that's it
um
and then we have a another question
um while we're on content creation I can
answer pretty quickly this is another
question I'm curious about is uh how
does it look a link look determine if
someone would click on it so basically
he's asking like what is the psychology
of Link clicks so his social link from
card ends with uh ooh dot AI uh yeah
that's abysmal there definitely is data
around what people will click with
like.com DOT net dot shop those are like
really easy anybody will click them but
like bit.ly or like random links will
definitely lower your CTR for sure
without a doubt and you should try to
use really transparent links where
possible I remember we were even having
problems with t.co because people didn't
understand it was from Twitter and it
looked like a really suspicious link so
it doesn't affect older demographics but
it does affect um a lot of people yeah
and uh finally I want to answer kind of
a personal development question so
that's uh pursue asking uh does anyone
else struggle with self-doubt when I
feel it I try to meet I try to tell
myself to meet myself where I'm at and
that's all I can do is to try to improve
myself there's nothing to be gained from
every attitude towards yourself you can
only do yourself you only do your best
in the present
so it has been my experience that every
single successful person that I've ever
talked to every single high-level
successful person I've talked to
especially struggles with self-doubt
constantly this is never something that
you beat ever you will always have this
kind of going every single day I think a
lot of people imagine motivation and
discipline is something that they'll
eventually conquer they think that like
if I get to this state of mind or this
state of being I will eventually be at
the point where I don't need to like
tell myself to work tell myself like to
not doubt tell myself that it's going to
be cool
and there's a great book by Stephen
pressfield I think
um that's called The War of Art
and and it brings it brings home the
unfortunate realization that like true
success and true daily like affirmations
of things against like self-doubt or a
never-ending process he will be fighting
that battle for the rest of your life
every single day even the most like
seemingly motivated and disciplined
people like all of our idols and heroes
in the self-improvement community your
Jocko willings your Tim ferriss's your
white Chris Williamson's like your Joe
Rogan's all those guys are struggling
every single day just to get out of bed
and and and the difference is that they
just take the fight they take the fight
every single day once you now that
sounds like really harrowing for
somebody but once you actually
understand it and you really own that
once you really own that
um
that's the case it's actually freeing in
a way because you you decide you realize
that you have the individual ability the
individual decision every single day to
be like okay this is a day where I'm
going to fight again I'm not going to
let these feelings of Doubt conquer me
I'm not gonna let this um become a
problem for me I'm going to actually I'm
actually going to fight today and um it
comes down to that so it's that simple
like um I I have this kind of constant
battle
with Fitness classes where I do these
really high intensity hot yoga classes
and and uh I I like there's so many
times where I just hate it but I just
tell myself at the beginning of the day
like this is it like this is this is the
fight you take this is what you're
signing up for and you have to make that
decision in your mind that the future
benefit is worth whatever it costs in
the present this is this is something
I'm thinking about a lot I've had a hard
time
talking about self-improvement and and
lately because I've been so deep into
Zen Buddhism
that the problem was then is that uh as
soon as you talk about something the
whole value of it is lost like you can
have this entire Concept in your mind
and it's all built out but when you try
to translate into language it's
completely lost so the less you say the
better
so what I'll say about this is
every series of ongoing present moments
from this moment to the next moment to
the next moment
is just another passing time when you
can act or not
whatever's in the future that's over
there the past is gone it's done you
won't even remember like 99.9 of the
details you won't remember anything from
this video in like three months
unless you really specifically focus on
it what you're doing right now how
you're consuming this what you're
listening to whatever you're doing while
you're listening to this
that's your action in this present
moment so once you really realize that
you realize that if you just spend your
present moments doing things to your
future benefit no matter how painful it
is right now
later that will manifest because like
that'll action will be done so for
example like if I go work out when I
really don't want to and I spend that
hour in the present moment doing my best
that hour's over and and it might have
sucked for that present moment in time
but the benefits of that will come down
the line it's the same as if I'm working
really hard I really want to do
something creative and I want to do that
instead of playing a video game the hour
is going to pass regardless but me doing
that thing in that present moment right
then will have those benefits later that
I don't even remember so as much as you
can fill your your present moments with
the act of doing something that is
benefiting you which could just be like
sitting around being happy like whatever
right
versus the amount of present moments
that we spend in negativity
that this is a Mark Twain quote right
this
um
many many bad things have befalled me in
this life a couple of which have
actually happened right I think that's
the quote or something like that
meaning that the vast majority of things
that you concern yourself with in the
present moment are not even really there
when you when you actually look at the
present moment the present moment like
you're just sitting on your bed and
you're sitting in an office somewhere
that's what you're doing right that's
like like the the pain of that
negativity or self-doubt or whatever
whatever is not real if you just like
Center into your present moment it's not
really there it's it's it's something
that you've made in your mind
when the when the Buddhists talk about
illusion that's what they're referring
to right you're attached to an idea in
your mind uh that isn't actually there
some worry
um some Phantom situation that doesn't
even exist right like my my girlfriend
could do this or my job could do this or
I could lose this or right it doesn't
it's not happening it's not it's not
real you have no idea if it's going to
be real so as much as you can
Center your mind in the exact present
moment
and you can just be of it uh instead of
in it
you'll eliminate that self-doubt because
you realize okay the only time I have to
actually act at all is right now
so I can't work later that doesn't exist
I can't work in the past because I've
already done those things and I can't go
back to the past I can work right now
and I mean like right now like you might
be eating at a restaurant okay you can
work right now and now and now and now
now but that's that's it right like you
can't ever work later
um because you can't be certain you
can't even be certain you'll be alive
later like maybe this is your last 10
minutes on earth right so now is the
only time you have and when you realize
that you put that in your perspective
for that all that in perspective uh you
know I want you to really think about it
because
you'll realize like oh A lot of the
stuff that I worry about
is is probably not not only not
productive but also like totally
pointless it just it just doesn't matter
I just have this moment now to do the
best I can so stuff like self-doubt
evaporates it I don't think you should
challenge I'll leave I'll leave you with
this
I I don't think you should challenge the
Phantoms of like self-doubt
uh the the Colossus that is stuff like
feeling bad about yourself or fear or
those sort of things I I they're they're
too great of an enemy I I think you
should just check out of the equation
entirely right like instead of seeking
to like overcome self-doubt or overcome
things like lack of discipline or
motivation or procrastination you should
just check out the process by realizing
that all of that is inherently illusory
it just exists in this uh the space that
you've created in your mind and and the
only moment that you have is your series
of progressive now moments to do
something and if you realize that you
don't have time to worry because all you
have time is to do that one thing right
now I could worry or I could work I
could I could you know I could uh be in
a negative attitude and be really angry
or I could like do this either way like
I'm using that time the time is going so
like don't you want to just use it for
something that makes you happy
right something to think about if you
like this leave a comment
um it's a kind of like a mash podge of
things and maybe we'll keep doing it as
people like them thanks everybody bye
