okay hello if you follow this series of
videos this is probably the closest way
that I have made a multi-million dollar
company and that is something I think
about a lot which is lead generation so
I originally was going to make this one
video and then I realized that it's
really a pretty complicated subject it
actually kind of deserves like a course
or something but I don't really do those
so I'm gonna do a three-part video
starting with part one which is this
video on funding and qualifying leads
part two is going to be how to research
those leads and part three is like the
exact outbound of how to actually
contact them and communicate with them
and this will be a three-part series
that basically encompasses uh one the
highly tactical stuff that by the end of
this you will be able to reach out to
your own leads and and sell products and
services that you want to do and we're
going to start really basic and this is
going to be very objective and tactical
so this is one of those things you
absolutely want to watch that's going to
have a lot of value and it's important
to kind of contextualize where uh what I
think of in terms of leads so I'm gonna
first just describe what a lead is and
and a lead is in sales
um a potential customer right who um
might buy your product or service
and there are basically three types of
leads as I consider them to be there's
cold warm and hot where cold is a person
you've never contacted before slash
doesn't know you
uh warm is uh has heard of you but uh
not necessarily interested in buying or
hasn't made a decision yet
but they do know of you
uh so you have some uh kind of in there
and hot is uh has heard of you and is
interested in buying
okay so now you understand what a lead
is um you want to understand how I
approach leads because your leads may be
different and your lead generation may
be different so when I do leads I'm
doing what's called
um high value client acquisition or hvca
and high value client acquisition
typically means that the leads that I am
going for are going to be worth
individually a contract value of 150 000
or more but the even if you're
contacting people for like 50 deals or a
thousand dollar sponsorship because
you're a content creator or whatever
um this is going to teach you those
skills uh just just keep in mind that
the frame is going to be through that so
the work that I'm doing you're gonna
have to modify a little bit because for
example part of like hvca is that I
spend an enormous amount of time on
singular leads I'm looking for uh maybe
to spend like an hour or two on just a
single lead and contacting them so but
by going through that process you'll
understand like how to do it and how to
cut certain things uh and and um modify
it towards what you need so okay so now
you understand what a lead is this is
basically a person that you're trying to
get in contact with to sell your product
or service it could be a B2B
relationship right it could be something
like
um hey like I want to partner with your
business it could be like a hey I want
to get if you're a content creator like
hey I want to get sponsored by you or I
want you to give me money monthly to do
some kind of deliverable
um this really is kind of the strategy
for any sort of networking you know
reaching out to people and finding them
um and so the first thing you kind of
need to do is you need to identify uh
your target uh right and and
premises audience okay and there's a
couple of questions that I want you to
ask
um that
starting with this one which is what
what are you personally passionate about
a lot of people don't think about this
because I'm assuming that you are
starting this process of lead generation
literally from zero you have no idea who
to contact like maybe you run a twitch
stream and you have 500 viewers or maybe
you're running a business and you are
selling coaching which a lot of you do
that listen to me
um or and you and you don't know who to
contact you don't know who like like who
the contacts so you're like I don't even
know where to start on how to find my
leads like that's what this video is
about we're going to go through all that
step by step and the first question that
and I'm gonna get really tactical
um show you a bunch of tools and things
like that what am I passionate about so
what are you personally passionate about
like what company would be my dream to
work with or have as a client um and you
could also like accompany in apprentices
again this is because I I work with B2B
so I have to contextualize this to you
um what would you love to do like what
would you dream to do or have as a
client like what would be your your and
just answering this question like making
a bullet point list
is really really uh useful uh just got
to figure out what you're personally
passionate about so I kind of think
about as a content creator like wow well
you know I drinking green tea all the
time
so wouldn't it be really great if I had
some kind of wholesale green tea that I
could do a relationship or sponsor and
maybe I should reach out to like five
people like that right or uh what else
am I passionate about I'm really
passionate about yoga so maybe I could
do like a collab with like a yoga studio
or yoga based products
um maybe I could do a collab where like
I teach people like I have a short about
yoga right so I'm just like thinking
through that and then like for my
company
um what kind of things am I really
passionate about at Novo like what kind
of people would I want to support I'd
love to support people that are doing
like really great health initiatives or
doing really great things for their
Community or doing things like local and
trying to make a difference so I would
like maybe look towards companies like
that so you want to like make a list of
these companies that you're trying to
outreach to I also love gaming so maybe
I'd like to like look at um people like
Logitech or maybe people like Razer or
someone like Corsair
um and just kind of like identify that
so that's step one
um the next one is what kind of problems
does my product or service solve and so
at this point just keep in mind our
objective here is to just get a list of
companies we're not looking for
individuals yet we're just trying to get
a list of companies that we would want
to work with or people or types of
things what kind of problems does my
product or service solve so uh like me
personally what kind of things do I do I
teach marketing I teach business so like
who would benefit from that right and
what do I do at my company well I build
influencer marketing campaigns in order
to do great creative ad campaigns so who
would benefit from that what kind of
Brands would really need that problem
solved what kind of brands are
struggling with that problem what kind
of brands are looking for that to expand
on that problem what kind of brands are
crushing it and could even do even
better with my help right that's the
kind of next thing I'm going to ask
next I'm going to say
um
what products and services do clients in
my demographic consume
so if I can't figure out what problems
to solve and I can't figure out what I'm
individually passionate about well what
about my clients like what are the types
of things that they consume so if I my
clients are video game players and I
know they like predominantly play
valrant then like what other types of
things are they interested in like what
like associated with like Riot games or
like things like that
um maybe events or things like that like
maybe
um Live Events like packs or or and that
such there's going to be those
corollaries and so what kind of stuff
does my clients consume if my clients
consume Health drinks they probably also
consume pretty healthy food they
probably also they're probably also
related to Fitness like doing that kind
of differential could be really helpful
to you as well
and then the next one um which I think
is really good is what companies can I
think of based on their values that
closely identify with mine so I put
um Health wellness and fast Services
examples like um
you you love Wellness you love health
and you just want to like associate with
companies that have those values maybe
you list values like perseverance
strength working hard like whatever your
values are I just go find the companies
that identify with that and that there
are and then those might be people you
want to partner with based on values and
this is the last one which is the most
useful one that I could recommend you
and this is called leads by feel this is
actually what I do a hundred percent of
the time now I don't even have to ask
myself these questions when I'm browsing
the internet or I'm watching something
I have trained myself to look at a
company or a product or an advertisement
and then ask myself these questions
automatically above and so when I'm
going through Twitter or I'm going
through anything or I'm reading articles
or anything I'll hear about a company
and I'll just immediately think oh bam I
would want to work with them and I'll
just start the next process of finding
the Wii which I'm going to show you in a
minute here of how I find them
so I I write down those companies in a
list I keep it throughout the week and
then I typically try to do one or two
like really high quality outbound
meaning like try to contact one or two
of these people a day which might seem
like a very low amount because if you
listen to other sales people they're
typically doing like 250 to 500
outreaches a day I've been through that
I've actually had teams that did that we
now do like one to two a day and you
know we're making millions and millions
of dollars on deals so I I really do
believe in the high value uh client
acquisition model of contacting just a
few people that you really identify with
and if you think about this you're like
oh that's great
and amazing you can do that but if you
think about it it's like okay you're a
content creator and you have a YouTube
channel with like 100 000 subscribers or
something or 500 viewers and you're like
okay if I just got two solid sponsors
that are paying me two thousand dollars
a month each would that change your life
it would right so high value that client
acquisition doesn't necessarily have to
associate with a deal value of like that
we're working with you can have a deal
value that's actually quite a bit lower
but it could still change your life just
because there's now somebody supporting
you that wasn't before maybe your only
source of income was five thousand six
thousand dollars a month from XYZ or
YouTube ads or whatever and now all of a
sudden you've got a sponsor paid 30 or
40 of that right just because you've
done this high value outbound so don't
get like don't get like intimidated by
the numbers and think you can't do this
um because this really works for anybody
once you've kind of like identified this
Okay so we've identified our audience
and now we want to get into part two
which is actually finding these people
how to find these people
and I'm going to show you exactly how I
do it actually so um just just randomly
kind of so we use a product so basically
we use LinkedIn that's the tldr
and at LinkedIn I use a service called
sales Navigator
uh sales Navigator is like 200 a month
if you don't use this service
you are still going to be able to do
this process it's just this process is
much easier
because I have resources
but you're going to learn how to do the
process through what I show you so I
have uh set up a priority account which
is going to be Razer which was an
example of that I used based on the um
companies that we're trying to solve for
in this example we're going to look for
Razer as a as a potential client okay
because I maybe I really agree with
their products or whatever so I'm going
to click on Razer here at the sales
Navigator and it's going to tell me the
number of employees it has as well as
the number of decision makers
and a bunch of other information like
relationship Explorer so I'm gonna just
for fun I'm gonna go to decision makers
and I'm gonna look for people
um that might be able to help me now
let's talk about this for a second
when you're looking for a lead you don't
necessarily want to go as high as you
possibly can go so if I want to go as
high as I possibly can go I do Ming Tang
mintan uh who is the CEO of razor and
the founder right but the likelihood
that men is going to talk to me Min
knows me so he would talk to me but if
um if I was just outreaching this person
cold so I have what's called like a warm
weed with men right
um and I've built a lot of content
marketing
um SEO and everything to have a lot of
warm leads of most of the people that I
reach out to that main now you don't
have to have that this will you this
will be completely cool assuming this is
completely cold I'm just a person that's
still gonna work
um but I don't want to go for Ben
because Min is um really busy and he's a
CEO and he's got a ton of stuff going on
so he's probably not a person that is
interesting to me okay
um Derek uh interesting because he's I
mean he's interesting right he can
surely solve my problem and he could
snap his fingers and have a deal for me
but he's got so much going on that he's
never gonna be the person we're gonna
reach out to somewhere the second result
this is like Derek
um as a director of global sourcing
which essentially means that he's like
figuring out how to get product to
people so this again is a person that I
personally probably can't talk to but
now I'm looking at
um Kathy Dongo who's a director of
product marketing and Business
Development that's Dean so marketing is
something that I need for and I'm also
looking at the head of marketing for
Razer this might be a person who is
probably a little um
uh high up as well and this director's
pretty high up as well but this person's
been in the company for a year which
means like she's situated but she's
probably looking at ways to like move
move up and to do more so this is a
really really good example for me to use
and this is the example we're going to
be using but um I I'm gonna you're gonna
see like a whole list of people and now
look like so again you say like okay
it's great that you have sales Navigator
you can do these things
but again
I
um
you can do this exact same thing right
like you can go through Google you can
search through Razer you can go through
Linkedin you can search new employees
like this is stuff you is this easy for
me to do because I have these products
and we pay I think I think the seat on
sale Navigator is like 200 a month or
something
uh it might be worth it if you're if the
value of your of your business is high
enough that you want to use things like
this you're reaching out to companies
like think about it if you're a content
creator you pay 200 bucks a month you do
this for a month and you reach you like
you go hardcore and like reach out like
to 10 people every day and you do it
like high quality you follow the series
of videos and you do this like it pays
you back like you know a sponsorship
that lasts six months for like 2K 3K a
month like the super worth your time
right so don't don't think that just
like I think the sales Navigator seat is
like 150 200 bucks a month so there's a
lot of people that could that could use
this but if you can't like you want to
do it for free Google around and like go
go to like the about website and go with
the teams all kinds of things you do so
don't get intimidated just because I'm
using the um sales Navigator uh so we're
gonna click on Kathy and we're she's
going to pop up and then um the next
thing I'm gonna do is I'm going to use
an extension uh which is called lead IQ
lead IQ is a product that um
is
basically going to show me how to
contact this person so lead IQ is
another product that's a seat that's
like maybe 150 200 bucks a month so now
that I have Kathy and I've identified
her as a person that I really want to
contact I'm going to go and I'm just
going to click unlock work email
and there she is kathy.dongo razer.com
and I have I could also get her phone
number and everything which I'm not
going to show on here
um and also I wouldn't really do I'd
obviously email her directly and um
that's how I found my lead so now I have
um I I have this lead I have Kathy and
I've now found one lead and so that's
gonna be the person that I focus on
um I've I've identified that this person
is like probably a good Target to be
able to contact you and to talk to and
I'm going to uh in the next two so the
next video is going to be research end
of the video after that is going to be
actually writing this email out to her
and how I will actually do it and then
you'll kind of learn the whole league
process
um but there might so so there might be
um what's like before we move on to the
third part
um which is like qualifying and like
lead decision framework framework there
there's there may be several people
within this company that I might want to
reach out to right so Christopher
Mitchell is the senior director of
marketing it's really interesting
they've only been there for um 10 months
it says or 14 years 10 months five
months in the roll oh that's interesting
so five months in the roll
um meaning that they just moved into
this rule but they've been with a
company for a hell of a long time that's
really interesting to me
um because there might be a lot to do
there with that person here's a vice
president a VP of global head of
marketing um this person has been there
for a year and six months so you can
kind of see like I'm learning in already
like this is kind of part of the
research video there'll be a lot more
about about this
um but you can kind of see that a lot of
these people that are in these marketing
roles
um for Razer are uh very recent
appointees and and I wonder why that is
and I'd want to do more research on that
um this person's been in the vice
president sales and marketing role in
the America for two years but that's
still like not that much time so
um like compared to like their their CSO
who's been there for like five years
very interesting right you see a lot of
marketing people that have been there
for for under two years so I I'm curious
like maybe Razer has been doing some
pretty aggressive Marketing in the last
few years to try to um push their
product out and that's kind of an
interesting thing to think about
okay so um so let's say you don't have
lead IQ when you can't like really
easily do this you know your lead I mean
you could there's so many things you
could do so like for me
um I I would just obvious I just want to
make sure I don't like mess this up but
I'll just like Google Kathy Dongo Razer
um I'll find her LinkedIn
um I'll find her Twitter bam uh and this
is a Twitter with two thousand followers
to that 2.7 000 followers with DMS open
Bam
um right so you'll see this over and
over again where um
uh this is a director of marketing at
Razer I I mean who never gets tweeted
that right like um and she posts stuff
she's like pretty active and this is
like this is very typical I see this all
the time making cat posts things like
that and so I just open up a quick DM
and uh first I'd send her an email if I
didn't get a response back and I open up
a quick DM and say
um hey like this is uh I just sent you
an email I'm interested in this thing
again we're gonna go over writing all
that stuff in step three so don't worry
about any of that stuff right now but
yeah there you go and there's her
Instagram so I just found her in 10
seconds I didn't need lead IQ to do it
but um I I could um or uh like you know
I might just instead if I didn't have
her email I might just um DM her and be
like hey like would it be okay to send
you an email about this subject but
again like I could probably have just
gone through
um this I could have literally gone
through here and
um
just figured out through a directory
like whatever email is it it's not that
hard but lead allows me to do that so
bam that's how you find leads okay
that's the um that's the lead finding
process that I use so step three is
going to be the next part
which is
qualifying
and decision making framework
and for this I actually use an MBA
technique which is crazy you probably
never heard this from me but I actually
use a technique from business school for
this not this business school that I
went to but just one that I think is
cool and that's called the bant
framework
and bant is budget Authority need and
timing I think these are the most
important things when you're considering
selling a product or service budget is
the first thing basically do they
control a budget I know that this person
is a director of marketing so I know
they have a budget they have a what you
would call a p l which is a profit and
loss statement they're basically in
charge of a certain amount of money I
don't know how much yet but I they're
per quarter they're in charge of a
certain amount of money to try to get
Razer products out there do they have
authority right yes they do they're a
director or VP they're an executive of a
team so they they run a team that was
really obvious by the the weed that we
found
um do they have a need now that is
something I got to figure out in the
research part which will come in the
next video and what is the timing that
again is Ace thing I need to figure out
in the next part of the video so I have
budget and Authority down I have needed
timing so these are usually these two
things you need to determine before you
do any kind of like contact out you need
to determine do they have the budget or
do they and do they and do they have the
authority.org do they have the budget
and do they have the authority if they
don't have both those things then you're
probably wasting your time reaching out
to this person and doing all this
research because they can't help you
they can't spend money the best you're
gonna get out of best this person if
they don't have authority in budget is
they up you over to the next person that
is on the top of their team so think
about it like this you're trying to buy
a grocery store and you walk in and you
go to the grocer who's at the counter
and say hey I want to buy this grocery
store can they help you no they can't do
a single thing right
um I'll give give a good example
as better than this actually happened to
me my yoga classes are getting super
full and it's pissing me off so I'm I'm
going there and there's like 15 20
people in the class and it's because
they have this one really popular class
that they don't put in the other rooms
okay this is like first world problems
so I went up to the front of the counter
and I said hey I've got this problem now
most people would just leave it there
and complain to that person but I know
this person isn't decision maker they
don't have any budget they don't have
any Authority so I said I said hey who's
your manager and then she says okay well
it's this person Jody I'll give you her
email right I I'm skipping this process
because I could have complained to this
person up at the front that and said hey
the cluster's too full we need to fix
this problem like most people will do
that they'll just go up and say hey the
class are full we need to fix this
problem this person has no actual
Authority they can't actually change
that thing they're just literally
working there for 14 bucks an hour to
man the front desk okay so I'm gonna say
hey I need to talk to your manager I
need to talk to the person who has the
budget and authority to solve this
problem and then I will engage with that
person I'm not going to waste my time on
this other lead this is this is not a
person who can help me me now um this is
a I'm sticking on the subject because
this is a thing that a lot of people
make a mistake on in sales you spend all
of your time talking to people who are
not decision makers
um I actually live my entire life this
way if I am not talking to a decision
maker I just don't waste my time talking
about business I might talk about
something else like it's not I'm not
just saying like I only talk to decision
makers in my life but if I'm at a
convention or if I'm at a
um on a business call or whatever and
there is a non-decision maker engaging
with me I just don't engage with
business because why should I I don't I
don't care and you might say well aren't
you leaving on the table the opportunity
for that person to go then talk to their
manager and and and get that person in
front of you maybe but then I have to do
all the work anyway to go talk to that
decision maker and educate them okay
because even if I have literally I have
all of the praise from the bottom going
up and saying you've got to talk to this
guy I I will fight to the death for this
dude this dude is awesome he can solve
all of our problems I still have to do
the entire sales process for that
decision especially because decision
makers are the type of people that need
to be informed completely on the topic
they need to totally know everything
that's going on so if like one if a PM
that is working for me says you have to
talk to this person refers me out I'm
still going to qualify that individual
before I give them anything right and
like you'd expect that to happen for
everybody so it doesn't really help to
not talk to the decision makers so but
budget and Authority is so important and
then need and timing need really is that
like once you're on the phone call
you're like okay do you actually have
this problem like do you actually need
what I'm doing
um do you want to sponsor people do you
want
the service maybe the answer is no and
then okay you're done like you like not
all prospects are gonna work you're not
trying to hit every home run right like
if they don't need the product they
don't need the service don't sell it to
them because you're gonna sell something
that they don't need and that's not
going to be a good job and your
objective is to provide value to people
and then timing is really important
which is like hey sometimes I contact
people and they're like yeah we're
looking to do something like next
quarter right maybe the quarter after
that okay great okay I'll put you in the
in the the routine and we'll get back to
you sometimes people are like man I got
a thing going next week can you help out
so timing is a really important thing to
understand and these are the two things
you have to understand once you qualify
a person okay
um and then the next thing to understand
about your qualifying and your decision
making Matrix is what's called
conversion metrics and I want you to
focus on one conversion metric for now
which is um cost per lead
meaning what did it cost you to acquire
this particular person to reach out to
so if I'm looking at I think lead IQ
gives me something like 250 that's how
all we need per month 250
um unlocks so that which costs like 200
bucks a month plus
um sales Navigator which is another 200
bucks a month call that 400 bucks a
month divided by the number of leads I
reach out to let's say it's two a day
right so on average if I spend 40 a
month and I divide that by two
um that's not right two a day duh uh so
I divided by 60 400 by 60. uh on average
it's like six dollars and sixty cents to
acquire uh to to reach out to one lead
okay and for so for a deal value of 150
000 minimum it's pretty good totally
fine for that so determine your cost per
lead and uh how much it takes to reach
out to them
and uh just understand that and then the
I have it in parentheses include time so
time is also something you could be
making
doing whatever else you're doing so make
sure you also consider time and if your
time becomes too high like it just is
too too high to do well then you need
some kind of like help you need some
kind of like sales team or something
like that but I found that like
um pretty at least at my level which is
like you know we're doing seven figures
um
eight
how many figures
I guess we are eight figures now cool
okay
um you know if you're doing seven eight
figures
I still do all my outbound myself and so
does my co-founder so that what does
that tell you right like I I think I
wouldn't even consider I don't know if
I'd ever consider a sales team I just
think that like high value outbound
uh is is so valuable and that's why I'm
doing this series of videos so that is
how you find a lead
um from the start to the Finish you're
gonna look and try to find out if this
person is gonna be cold warm or hot
you're gonna and like the thing that I
hope I conveyed in part two which was
the most important was like the mindset
around
how to find companies
that you really identify with that you
want to do this work with
and that just takes like like you're in
the industry right like you're in the
thing that you're doing so like are you
reading articles are you researching are
you listening to podcasts about it
you'll just hear these things come up
and it's a subjective skill it's a soft
skill but if you train yourself to do it
you'll find out that well you'll just
start you'll have such a huge list of
these people and you'll you'll have more
than enough to do like one to three
um but you can do the direct process of
just asking the questions that we listed
in this video as well so
um I would I do the leads by feel as
much as possible where what am I doing
like throughout my day I'm listening to
podcasts as I'm walking somewhere I'm
watching a twitch stream and I'm
thinking about like the product they
just mentioned like oh that's somebody
that I could associate with or help
somebody recommends something to me and
my wife and says like hey I just like
started this routine or did this
supplement like I'm like oh cool that
those guys would be really cool to work
with all right right like this is a
million different inputs just make sure
you capture those like you put those on
a document and then find it like once
like have a list of companies that you
have right like maybe you've you've done
that for the last like two weeks and now
you just then then you batch the process
you do all of your lead finding in that
like but for all those companies you
start with come opening one and you just
go through do all the Googling do all
the research get your contact right the
way that we talked about and then you
qualify that person that they have
budgets they have authority and then you
figure out what it costs you to do that
and just do that as many times as it
takes to get to your sales uh process
done okay
and repeat as much as you want
um I'd recom you can do what you want
but I recommend you stay uh like
specific and take as much time on these
as you can but that's just what I do and
I think that it works the best I have
done just like blowout there's there's
different strategies that you can look
at around this where like I've done like
blood emails where you know you to
contact 500 people a day and they just
reply
um you template stuff right like you can
do all that stuff we can talk more about
that but I this is really about finding
those like high quality leads the next
video will be about the research you do
on these companies
um and these people to how basically to
get a sort of CV together uh to be able
to contact them in the most effective
way possible and and practically
guarantee replies and then the third
video after that will be the actual
process of writing that uh all the way
out which is the most important okay the
satisfying leads so I hope this helped
you guys out it certainly has helped our
business a great deal as well as taking
me a long time to learn so I hope it was
helpful to you thank you everybody bye
