conventions hello conventions is what we
are going to be talking about for this
session and it comes from blesh
from stream tunes um supporting this
entire community right now via a
sponsorship and also a very awesome
product and they said hey mastermindchat
wanted to get all of your opinions on
twitchcon have you been are you planning
on going do you see any benefits or have
you been going uh we applied to be a
vendor and are calculating the cost
probably going to be a 10 to 15k
investment if we do it including travel
uh mike and i are in canada cool so i am
going to break down conventions for not
only uh vendors but also for streamers
and also for just convention goers
because i have been all three i i am uh
as some context i used to do about 30
conventions a year from 2015 to
2018-ish 2019-ish i would be gone about
every two weeks to swsx south by
southwest um twitchcon
you you you name it i've been to
everything um over and over and over
again all the paxes everything i've been
the guest speaker at many of them so i
have a ton of convention experience i
can really answer this question um and i
am going to give you the uh the some of
it right now uh with with many
exceptions so so stay tuned for the
whole video um it is my opinion that
conventions are largely almost entirely
a waste of time a complete waste of time
for the vast majority of people
conventions will not help you in the way
that you think they will um for the
people who use them correctly they will
be very powerful and that is what we are
going to get into um today so let's
start talking about some of the things
that i think people will
uh assume about conventions that i'm
going to kind of break down and then
i'll tell you some things that i think
people miss that are actually
things that happen so let's say um that
you are an influencer let's start there
um you will not grow your brand here uh
nor will you meet
uh you will not
meet other streamers
you can meaningfully collab with so why
is that well broadcasters tend to stay
in focused groups if you're a small
influencer it's really difficult to get
in with like sodapoppin or xqc like
they're very gated um they kind of do
their own thing with their own group and
they are everybody at a convention who
is a broadcaster of a significant size
is trying to actively stop orbiters
right they they active it's like meeting
a girl in the gym okay right you don't
wanna you don't wanna like in my opinion
it's not a good place to talk to a girl
like she's working out she's already
like
not wearing a lot of clothes like it's
just not a good it like she's doing
something else right in the same exact
way broadcasters are
at a convention to meet with other
broadcasters their size or just to chill
out like none of the top streamers are
there for networking nobody thinks like
that so you're going in
like kind of trying to make an apple
into an orange if that makes sense
that's the feel there it's like um uh
just coming from i've i've always been
in those crowds with those broadcasters
and there's never like smaller streamers
there there's never people that are like
50 viewer streamers ever in those in
those crowds um they don't get invited
to the vip events they don't go to like
the same places they they literally
don't even know where those people are
um you might run into xqc but you'll run
into him as a fan you won't run into him
as like a networking opportunity and
that's that's also the case with like um
even three thousand to five thousand
concurrent viewers streamers or whatever
but let's say you do meet one and you do
end up talking to them and you do make a
collab opportunity you won't follow up
on it or they won't right like um and
even if you do what will it look like
like will it be like one stream together
or whatnot um
there just won't be a follow-up there so
um
[Music]
uh but but but you will not grow your
brand here what i mean by that is um
you
aren't going to do anything there that's
going to like get you more followers or
like grow your content creation in any
like meaningful way now again i'm going
to provide some exceptions to this uh
later so definitely stay tuned okay um i
just wanna like uh
really put this out there so let's say
that you are a brand or a company okay
so in the case of stream tunes and blush
right um
you will not meet brands and you uh you
will not get networking opportunities
mostly so um
at both dignitas and clg i ran booths at
uh
um many different events so so pax's and
south by southwest gaming i think i ran
i ran a booth there um we paid like uh
sometimes up to like twenty thousand
thirty thousand dollars for a spot let
me tell you what actually kills as a
brand or company at uh conventions as a
pro if
you are running product
it is
the single best decision you can make
to increase your revenue
so product is amazing at conventions if
you're like an even apparel anything if
you if you sell anything physical and
you run a booth it's worth it like it's
it's 100 worth it there are entire
businesses like meta threads that have
that have been built off of this and
this concept so
boothing at events works really really
well if you sell something if you are
gonna get a booth to just promote a
service or um
uh feature a game or anything like that
like in a lot of the packs uh there's a
lot of indie sections that have like
indie games things like that do not
waste your time with this this if you
are selling a service or you're selling
a game or something like that it is
almost a hundred percent not worth it
the exception would be like an ea games
or like an activision that has a booth
just because they have to have the
presence but even they are taking that
at a complete loss right like um a game
like cyberpunk that could like have a
theater experience which features it and
it in of itself is going to be a
marketing event which they'll hire like
an agency to do that is going to be
worth it for those companies for anybody
that is doing like indie games or is
doing some kind of service that's like
below the hundreds and hundreds of
millions of dollar mark you do not want
to run a booth and i would argue like
and i have made this argument to a lot
of bigger brands that
um
having a booth even as one of those aaa
um
or organizations it may not be worth it
you've seen a lot of those organizations
pull out of events not just because of
covet but just in general before um like
we're pulling out of e3 and such things
so
um
if you are running product
as a brand in a company it is an awesome
thing to do um if you're not running
products don't don't do a booth don't do
both um we've done both uh running
apparel and we've also run physical
product um i've also partnered with
people that have done games um and
they've sold really well so like retro
games uh also um even just like health
supplements like uh g-fuel like um we
had uh we had a booth for um
for an energy drink trying to remember
uh this is like years ago uh sold really
really well so that kind of stuff very
very good um
other okay let's keep going so um i just
want to like do a brief section about
networking that applies to everybody so
um
networking is a meme um networking is a
meme what do i mean by that networking
is is not a thing when everybody that
goes to conventions um they they talk
about networking as if they will come
and i'm all full screen for this like uh
like they will come back
from this convention and they will have
a here's what will happen okay because
i've done this dozens and dozens of
times okay
you will come back and you will have
handed out your business cards to maybe
100 people maybe more and you will have
a stack of business cards and you will
follow up with them maybe right even if
you go to that next step realize that a
lot of people never even accomplish that
they don't even follow up like they just
the business card sit on their desk but
i did follow up a lot of the time
sometimes i didn't and i lost those
contacts with those people i want to
tell you the number of deals and the
number of revenue that i have made again
i have to go to 30 conventions every
year from 2015 to 2018. okay here's the
here's the number right here
it's [ __ ] zero dollars i i never
ever got a
um a a a a meaningful deal that came out
of a convention that actually went to
close i've had many phone calls i've had
many things go but it doesn't go to
close it never goes to close here's what
goes to close you outbound email a
person with your ask and to to a brand
and you say hey um
here is uh
here is um
what i have here's my service here's how
it provides value to you here's how much
it costs let's jump on a phone call what
do you think and you do that a hundred
times okay and that's how you build a
business that you don't build a business
by going to conventions and networking
and all that [ __ ] that's that's not
a thing i'll give you an example of a
literal story so um
i was lucky enough to be at a vip party
uh this is earlier in my career and i
met the head at the time of nvidia um
which is an enormous opportunity right
for an esports team like like imagine
getting sponsored by that so um
this guy is drunk they're like
everybody's drunk by the way uh at these
these conventions they're just drinking
and and just i i want to echo how many
of these people not all of them but so
many of these big streamers and these
people that are in positions of power
they don't they're there because their
company is paying for them to be there
they're drinking at parties they're
chilling they're talking the girls
they're not interested in like your
mindset right now you gotta you gotta
remember who you are right you're
listening to a [ __ ] devin nash video
that means you're getting after it like
you're you're a person who and
for that matter you're 10 minutes into a
devin nash video that means you're
really into it okay so you're listening
to this whole video because you want to
get better you want to improve yourself
like i wanted to improve myself and
still do
like i'm i you have that constant drive
these people don't don't have that
they're getting paid by their company to
be there and they are um to talk to
girls to drink and to to pursue
opportunities right but they're not
really doing that they're not interested
in this there are a few exceptions like
um
there are some people that really get
after it i know a couple of them right
um for example some of the people from
corsair like that team those guys are
those are they're on it right they're
led by a very very uh very very powerful
and smart woman um named lauren who but
but like that's a really rare exception
uh
so i met the head of nvidia at this at
this party right and like gave him the
whole pitch had the elevator pitch had
everything's like oh yeah you know a
great like sure like send me an email
whatever right it goes nowhere right
like like the email never gets responded
to whatever that's the vast majority of
your interactions at these places now
look like you might be the exception you
might network you might get an
opportunity and you might close the deal
but here's the thing you're giving up
okay um and this is like just back to
the notepad now i just kind of want to
talk about like the networking thing um
it will cost you
to go to this convention
uh a lot of money time
travel and sickness
possibly right i'm very afraid of
sickness as an executive because it can
knock me out for a week or two and uh
completely and i can't do anything and
like a week or two in the business world
is like horrible like like in the agency
world is like really scary but in any
world it's scary it's scary as a
streamer it's scary anywhere right so
you are vastly increasing your chance of
getting sick and you are also putting a
ton of time and travel into going to a
convention where you could be working
right and that's the thing is like let
me just like ask you a practical
question okay will you make more of an
impact going to a convention and let's
say you can meet a hundred people let's
say you mean a thousand people okay like
you won't meet a thousand people so you
can make a thousand people and make an
impact on them and you you understand
how hard that is right um or you can
make one youtube video or or three
youtube videos in that amount of time
and not get sick right or five youtube
videos and and two tick tocks and one
instagram post and uh uh you can tweet
too yeah it doesn't take too long right
but you do all kinds of stuff and in
that in that moment you will impact way
more people
in it but because because don't think
that just because in person like maybe
if you have like a a life-changing
conversation with somebody um but but
but like
again
in my
own experience
um
i have had those life-changing
conversations with people at conventions
and those people have already been
people who are my friends that i met
online that um that i maybe i i
strengthened those relationships through
conventions
um but never built them
i can't think of a single close friend
that i didn't meet somewhere else
that i met at a convention that stuck
with me i just it just doesn't happen
what does happen is a lot of my very
close friends that i like to run into
like zizeron for example i'll i'll go to
a twitch con and i'll run into him and
that'll be nice but it's not a business
opportunity it's just cool to see them
right um i'll run into some of the the
broadcasters that i haven't seen in a
while it'll be nice right um
or
i don't know like that that's that like
that kind of stuff but i'm like really
trying to like rack my brain like is
there any relationship that i built and
developed out of a convention
um that was like really deep and
meaningful no because
you're those people and you are meeting
hundreds and hundreds of people in a
conde like you have three days very
little sleep you're just gonna be in a
whirlwind um maybe there is one
exception and that would be uh john
howell is is the head of partnerships i
got extremely lucky that was like 2012
he was the person that partnered me and
and we ended up having a a good
relationship and i did meet him at a
convention so there's there you go
there's one um
that was like complete luck and that was
at a time when twitch was like a
fledgling company that and like you
would not have access like i mean the
head of partnerships was just standing
around right um you would not have that
same kind of access or luck at this
point so it's different now um but yeah
you could still meet somebody anyway so
uh i'm i'm i'm ranting so let's just go
back to the to the value okay so it will
take you a lot of time
to get uh to get to a convention and you
will probably not get a lot out of it
that you couldn't otherwise um
do via outbound or via contacting people
directly people are so afraid of
outbound they think that you need to go
to a convent this is like the most
important thing i'm going to tell you
like maybe ever right you're you're so
afraid of outbound you're so afraid of
reaching out and asking people questions
and i don't get it
like that's that's the failing of so
many people in so many businesses you
won't just send an email to every brand
you can think of
three three brands a day two brands a
day one brand a day will change your
company forever or or change you as an
influencer forever by getting a sponsor
whatever just it's one or two asks a day
to whoever um and being able to be told
no you think it's gonna be different at
a convention it won't be different you
will be in front of hundreds of people
they will they'll flash impressions
everywhere and you won't remember
anything um it'll just be it'll just be
some fragments of stuff
you walk away with
bam like like waste your time complete
waste of time that you could just spend
asking people directly online and then
developing those relationships via
actual value right instead of hey you're
at a convention i'm at a convention
let's network like where's the value
there what's network right like how
about hey
here's my product here's my service
here's here's what you do like here's
the value we could exchange let's work
together right like you can make that
same discussion at a convention but
you're gonna do it when they're
inundated by alcohol not in the mindset
to work and have already heard that same
pitch from a thousand people
so there you go right they're not gonna
be at work looking for those
opportunities checking their email um
okay so
let's talk about some of the things that
the exceptions um and some pros
of um going to conventions one thing i
will say is you will get motivated this
is cool actually um i don't think it's
worth going to conventions for but it's
neat every time that i have gone to a
twitchcon or like a youtube convention
or like a pax i'm like i want to work
part of that is because i've been out
for a week and i want to go back to work
because it's driving me crazy that i'm
not working okay but another part of it
is that um i just want to work like like
you're around people who are motivated
who are jamming who are doing what
you're doing and it's cool it's exciting
and and like i do think you should get
out to one of those um every once in a
while because like it's really nice to
like meet with and get the feeling of um
being with other people
um
but but but the longer i i advanced to
my career the more that i i like super
just like went to conventions to like
just jam on the work like um so keep in
mind the 30 conventions i went to like
from 2015 to like 2017 where probably
like a total waste of time and then the
year after that i was just writing
booths and just writing a product it was
great right because the because we could
we could we feasibly made after like the
first two boosts that we ran out and we
figured out like the problems and
everything we we made money every booth
that we went to like the company made
money so i was working and like i would
i would uh hire people and i would
volunteer people um
and by the way just a quick in for um uh
any brand that's listening to this or
anybody that's going to push product at
a convention hire all women for your
booths okay like i i will tell you a
story okay i'm not being sexist this is
a this is empirical
okay like i um
i'm pretty charismatic i like i would i
would stand in front of um uh booths and
uh one day at clg is what i learned this
there was a player there with a cute
girlfriend and the cute girlfriend was
just hanging out she's sitting on a
table on her phone um
and i made a joke i was like hey sell
product like you you want to sit on
instead of the booth you got to work
here you know i'm just being a [ __ ]
right and she's like okay yeah sure and
just kind of like starts joking around
and all of a sudden like there's just a
crowd of dudes buying stuff from her and
i'm like
wait like wait what like what's going on
so previously it's all dudes like like
mostly the esports industry is is dude
this is a huge problem i talk about
right we do hire women if i can um but
uh
mostly the the places dudes so
the next booth that i ran i um
it wasn't too long after that was like
maybe three or four weeks i hired
um groups of people that turns out
there's these kind of actor type people
who you can hire on a on a day by day
basis uh for not that much money it's
like 6 200 bucks a day and you tell them
about your product and and they're just
beautiful people who like like will like
call out to people and shout out people
and you've probably seen them at like
conventions and stuff like that um it
like quadrupled my freaking sales
overnight like that was that was all
like that it was unbelievable like the
the amount that you push product when
you have like um anyway just just just
aside um women boost sell very well to
everybody women and men uh so so that's
that's something you could you could
think about but pushing product yeah so
so the
um i pushed product
all through 2018-2019 it was very worth
it to go to conventions because i was
pushing product before that waste of
time never nothing ever happened um by
the way if you have a central booth and
you're pushing product more people want
to talk to you because you're in the
business and people feel like you're
you're doing stuff you're doing good so
you will get motivated and that's an
awesome feeling and going out to like
one convention a year just to get
motivated is is kind of cool get ideas
you know um there's like a subjective
value to that that's important um but
even i'm underestimating just just be
but but i mean man i just prefer to do
the work you know i just want to like be
there and do the work okay um so you
will get motivated
also some exceptions to this rule so
like where is it that you can meet in
person and you get a lot out of it
highly focused masterminds
so i have spent up to five thousand
dollars for going out to that's just a
ticket price to go to tony robbins
events and to go to personal development
events and they have always been worth
it oh my god like um unleash the power
within which i think is like a three or
four hundred dollar ticket um is like a
three day ten hour a day like personal
development thing that i just can't
recommend enough you do crazy [ __ ] you
walk on fire you burn stuff you um you
you you get super soakers and shoot
rooms of people pour water on yourself
hug strangers it's amazing it's it's
it's not for everybody but it's insane
um the mastermind sessions for like
highly focused business sessions i've
probably spent tens of thousands of
dollars on mastermind sessions and i can
say with confidence that going out to a
mastermind session doing all the travel
and then it's going to a real one with
like a real focused individual who is
really going to give you data and i mean
like you look around the stadium and you
look around the crowd there's about two
or three thousand people there and
everybody has notebooks and they're and
they're writing hard and you get a
workbook many of these times they gave
me a workbook that i still have that i
have to work through when i'm there like
homework like the whole night i'm
talking like i'm not talking about
motivational speeches i'm not talking
about people that are like up there like
you can do it type of people there's
plenty of those you're probably you'll
waste your time at those i'm talking
about focused masterminds where you know
what you're going to get when you go in
they say it costs this amount of money
and here's what i'm going to teach you
uh the five thousand dollar ticket said
you will guarantee that it guaranteed me
that i or my money back i will walk away
from that uh from that that mastermind
with million dollars worth of the
knowledge and ability to scale my
business a million dollars from where
it's at uh that was the guarantee the or
your money back you literally could just
go up to the front desk and say i didn't
feel like i got this guarantee and they
give you your money back no questions
asked i did not take my money back i 100
got that value out of it and more so
mastermind sessions are a big exception
to this um
one of our friends who listens to a lot
of these videos jeremy gaming curios
just recently went to a youtube
mastermind uh he told me that like when
mr beast was talking about like um
scaling and like that kind of stuff you
like get in front of it like um like by
the way like the twitchcon panels and
stuff like that don't waste your
freaking time there's there's almost
there are a few that could be helpful
most of them are put on by agencies
brands and people that don't know what
they were they're talking about my
panels that i ran at south by southwest
the keynotes that i did were
consistently the most attended events
because i actually know what i'm talking
about but i was a very rare exception to
the rule like there are very few people
that uh that put on panels that don't
and most of them are about dumb stuff
that doesn't matter to you at all like
um
obscure aspects of game design or
problems within the uh or cultural
uh like
chasms and chasms in like the industry
that just don't matter right
okay so
uh highly focused masterminds are are
freaking amazing personal development
commissioners are really amazing so um
if you are able to go to a convention
pay a certain amount of money which by
the way in of itself is a is a
indication that you might be making a
good decision because um if you're
paying money to get access to something
that is going to give you objective
value that's usually a good idea um so
if you're going to a convention that
says i'm going to charge you 500 to be
here versus a twitch con or like um or a
youtube like thing or like whatever this
is going to be like hey anybody can walk
through this door um
there's a cultural significance to that
and there's there's there's a sense
about that when everybody's paying money
and they're all there to learn something
if you're with the right people and real
people that have actually done it so you
want to be looking for experts who have
actually done what they're talking about
and are in the game um that you you'll
get your value for sure i i again i
can't think of a single time i've been
to a lot of them i've been like a lot of
marketing conventions cmo conventions
things like that um and and i also
uh
vet a lot of them too
which is to say that like i might
consider to go to one out of like 50
offers that i get maybe 100 offers that
i get um so it'll be it'll be very rare
that i actually end up going to one
because i have to make all the trades
that i mentioned in this in this video
but if i do go to one uh it has always
been worth it so there's some success
some exceptions there so if so look at
the end of the day if you do go um to a
convention go because you want to go go
because you want to get motivated and
you want to like like experience the
vibe don't go because you want to meet a
bunch of streamers you're not going to
be able to do that don't go because you
want to network or you want to improve
your business and don't go under the
auspice of like i'm going to grind i'm
going to work there's so much of that
[ __ ] like i'm going to grind i'm
going to go like like improve my
business i'm going to scale my business
you're not you're going to scale your
business by sitting in your chair and
doing the [ __ ] work
that's how you're going to scale your
business okay that's the hard truth
right don't waste your time at a
convention if you really want to be
successful then actually outbound and
ask people about and get some deals
going okay all right i hope this helps
uh leave questions or comments in
mastermind chat or wherever thanks
everybody
