when I was a little kid I drew this
picture of my dad throwing me a
touchdown in the Super Bowl as I grew up
I started to realize there are three
reasons why this drawing can never
happen one it's really hard to get to
the Super Bowl a lot of teams have never
done it my favorite team has not it's
okay two it's really hard to get to the
Super Bowl with a 54-year-old
quarterback who is also the same height
as Demi Lovato and three I can't catch a
football to save my life however the NFL
gave me the opportunity to go to the
Super Bowl this year and bring a friend
so I had an idea for context my dad is
awesome as a single father he somehow
raised two kids and we turned out normal
for the most part he would wake up at
3:30 a.m. every single day to commute to
the city for work to provide for us and
even though he was clearly tired from
work he always made me dinner my
favorite is his burgers and no matter
what my dream was he was always my
number one supporter so surprising him
with tickets to the Super Bowl is going
to be a really really special moment all
right Dad this is uh this is this is
crazy that I'm saying this this is a
dream that I've had for a long time I
know you have
too open your
eyes we're going to the Super
Bowl told me like a month ago yeah I did
he already knows I'm super excited
though it's going to be so yeah he
already knew that we were going this was
the text exchange when I asked him
though we started our trip in Austin
Texas and went to the airport because
we're going to Las
Vegas the Las Vegas Airport had this
sick Super Bowl sign had to get a photo
in front of it obviously we actually got
some really fancy treatment we got a
free ride to the hotel saw the stadium
for the Super Bowl and the Las Vegas
sphere which is crazy when we arrived we
saw a bunch of people in football gear
went to my room and prepared for the
game
plan all right Dad how you feeling sour
today's the day we go to the Super Bowl
yes very crazy are you ready for the
game plan we have to pose yeah we have
to pose The Game Plan step one we need
to find a way to get a football into the
stadium that might sound easy because
it's a football game but security at the
Super Bowl they will take your football
they will take everything if you cannot
see through it so that's going to be a
challenge step two find a way to get
onto the football field while the
confetti is falling we disguise
ourselves as
confetti that's really good and step
three if we can't find a way to get onto
the football field we need to find a way
to recreate this photo you think you're
going to feel comfortable to throw a fo
ball like that oh absolutely that thing
looks like it's going at least 6 yards
I'll throw it 40 dang Dad they need to
put you on the field you ready to do
this let's go we need to get you a
jersey the hotel gift shop was selling
jerseys but unfortunately they were $220
and that would be
irresponsible but we're at the Super
Bowl baby this is a once in the lifetime
opportunity we headed to the stadium
listening to usher in preparation of the
halftime show Dad when did you start
watching football when I can open my
eyes okay do you see a
football uh not yet we successfully
scanned our tickets to get inside and
guess what we have arrived to the NFL
tailgate so we're on the lookout for a
football we got to find a football it
could be big it could be little it could
be regular sized if we're going to find
a football it's going to be somewhere
around here let's go on a little hunt my
dad looked in the bushes no football I
looked in the trash no football I even
asked the staff no football last but not
least the porta potty is balless we made
our way inside the stadium hoping for
better those hats were
huge we were looking for our seats and
then my dad said we should walk as close
to the field as possible and this
happened we're going to try to walk onto
the field if there's not a football on
the field how are they going to play
It's All About the content update we're
standing on the the football field Dad
we kind of look like football players
right now a little bit the only problem
is we're both wearing jerseys from
quarter qubs I should have gotten a wide
receiver's Jersey so that that we could
recreate the the drawing yeah but every
once in a while a quarterback catches
the ball amen we practiced the drawing
because how many times can you stand on
the Super Bowl field and even though we
saw some players warming up with a
literal NFL football clearly I am not
supposed to cross this barricade so it's
on to the next idea we have arrived to
our seats this is the craziest place
I've ever been in my life I can barely
hear myself talk the DJ up there is
absolutely in his bag I'm getting a
little worried about the football thing
I don't see a single person in this
stadium with a football I just assume
people would have footballs I'm also
trying to see where the confetti comes
out of like where does the confetti fall
from at the end of the game where does
the confetti fall
from the heavens ah the things we need
to figure out before this game ends one
how do I get my hands on a football as a
civilian two how am I going to capture a
photo of my dad throwing me the football
when the confetti is falling where is
the confetti falling from and three is
Travis Kelsey actually going to propose
to Taylor Swift at the end of the game
so many questions such little time but I
am really excited to watch this game
they gave us crazy seats post Malone
played the opening song which reminded
me of a time in 2018 I had just hit
50,000 subscribers and I was about to
run a marathon in Oregon and I brought
my dad just going to introduce my dad to
the Vlog real quick this was my first
time since leaving my hometown that I
spent any time with my dad this was a
big deal for our relationship because
there was a time where I wanted nothing
to do with him I think my story is is
pretty common for one reason or another
we tend to grow apart from our parents
for us it looked like
stress
alcoholism
resentment Pride puberty video games
wanting Independence to find myself
until one day you look up and you think
oh no when's the last time I checked on
my
dad and then you don't even know
how and since my dad was living alone
back in my hometown I knew it was really
isolating for him so even though I still
had this resentment towards him I made
an effort because I love him and the
reason it's special that post Malone is
performing is because during this trip
his album beer bongs and Bentley's just
came out and it's kind of the soundtrack
of that memory for my dad and
[Music]
I watching the Super Bowl this up close
is unreal this game is really fun
because my dad is definitely going for
the 49ers and I don't really care who
wins so I'll probably just be cheering
for
everybody and so will this lady in front
of me she's
great we just realized we're missing all
the Super Bowl commercials yeah whatever
I wish there was a website you could
upload videos maybe like I don't know
YouTube or something yeah they should
call it that Usher is performing at
halftime who do you think he's bringing
out Herer is going to bring out Luda
ludicrous can we asked a random cheese
fan for a photo excuse me can you get a
photo of me and my dad yeah sure yeah
thanks oh wait the 49ers got off to an
early lead and then they did this
display which is basically what I
imagined when I drew that picture as a
kid so that was so cool to
watch my dad and I really enjoyed that
one it was also crazy to see so many
celebrities like Elon Musk Justin Bieber
and of course the halftime show
performer usher in Real Life Usher
brought out Alicia Keys which was so
cool and then he took off his shirt
which was I mean I get it the
50-year-old dads in the crowd were not
loving it but mid performance I looked
to my right and I saw the most
unbelievable thing imaginable a football
ludicrous started performing and my dad
was absolutely lit look at him look at
him go after my friend in front of me
gave me a $100 Usher bill I knew it was
go
time can I borrow that
ball I'm sure you know this by now but
the rest of the football game was
absolutely crazy the 49ers and the
Chiefs are tied in the fourth quarter we
are all on the edge of our seats and
something happens that every person who
goes to the Super Bowl hopes for
overtime and I wish I could express how
special this trip has been I just have
to thank God because he called me to
reconcile with my dad to love even if
it's hard and since then my dad has quit
drinking he's lost 60 lbs he send me
selfies during his workout every day and
I could not be more proud to call him my
dad especially in overtime at the Super
Bowl overtime this game is so exciting
the 49ers drive down the field and score
a field goal however the Chiefs come
back and score a game win
touchdown it's not the ending my dad
wanted but we're at the Super Bowl and
since the game is over that means
confetti is falling it was as magical as
I dreamed as a kid and even though we
weren't on the field winning a
championship
together we were
together and if I didn't ask my dad how
he was doing in
2018 this drawing would have only ever
been a drawing on the fridge
