why hello there today i want to do one
of those really high value driven videos
we're going to talk about how to build
really kick-ass marketing resources so
marketing resources means stuff that you
can give to sponsors or give to people
or give to anyone who is going to be
like integrated with your business in
some way that tells them about yourself
but also shows them why you are the
person that they want to give money to
so there are different considerations
for kind of every company and every
individual but these considerations will
be for like most people that are
interested in the gaming industry space
you probably you'll definitely learn
stuff even if you're not in this space
at all um but if you're a business or
you're a brand or you're a content
creator this is the video you want to
watch for creating really kick-ass
marketing resources okay so we're going
to start off by
showing you
my screen over here and i'm going to
pull up
some stuff that is going to be really
cool this is actually
the marketing resources that i developed
and designed at counter logic gaming um
let's see if i can zoom into them and
i'm going to go through it and kind of
tell you what's good about these and
we're going to look at them together and
we're gonna show like why this works and
before i do that i don't really like
this
so let me
like open this with like a pdf or
something i don't know something that
like doesn't
that we can get like a little bit larger
on yeah there we go so that looks great
okay so we're gonna um
we're gonna talk through
when i was running clg which is an
esports team i built marketing resources
that uh would be available to brands
what you're gonna see here
is what i would send a brand if they
wanted to work with clg and sponsor us
and so in the exact same way as a
content creator or as a or as a agency
or whatever you know business you're
running you can also send this stuff to
brands or potential sponsors and you can
you can um create your own based on
these kind of like templates and things
like that so the first thing that i
usually include in any kind of like
picture resources is a letter i love
letters i love writing letters about
what our mission is and uh this
particular like signature here the devin
nash signature adds a lot of like
authenticity to it so um i will usually
write like a few paragraph thing and um
it will go into kind of just like what
we're about so at clg at this time in
our marketing in 2015 we were trying to
look for
a way to
um
separate ourselves from other esports
teams and the way that we came up with
that was that clg was like a very
family-oriented atmosphere and it was
like at the time like george hot shot gg
he built the company um with me and it
was like very just like authentic with
like this like clg in that in those
older days like really felt like a group
of friends we ate together um we we we
did everything together we would go on
events it was it was really really
different in that way so we wanted to
sell that
feeling of authenticity that you get
through like a genuine family and
friendship so that's what this like
opening leather is about so
the way to design one of these letters
to be your own marketing resource is
think about the things that make you
stand out and are unique and write them
into a short like two to three paragraph
thing that you can send to somebody that
just introduces people to who you are
right um if you're a content creator for
example why should i care about you over
every other twitch streamer or every
other youtube creator versus what you're
doing if you're a person who's going to
you're a business and there are lots of
other businesses what differentiates
your business and this is just a good
thing to think about in general it's one
of the things i love about marketing and
one of the reasons why i'm a marketer is
because i like marketing also helps you
answer
questions that you should be asking
about your business anyway okay and
that's another that's a great question
you should ask about your business like
just like yo like what what like makes
me unique and like what differentiates
me put that in your letter and you start
there so now we're gonna see uh
obviously contact information everything
like that
now we're going to see oh yeah sorry
before i go into the other stuff just
take a look at the at these pictures and
these choices too right like like huhi
with his hand around darshan like the
clg
the red girls jumping like like pictures
of everybody just being together like
that feeling of togetherness right like
every resource that you include in your
marketing resources should um kind of
like encourage and reinforce the message
that you are
going to
um
try to like communicate okay so now that
we've you you've got this we're going to
get really really different and we're
going to go super technical so now i'm
going to show you the first case study
that we did and what you have here is
you have a real activation that we did
with astro gaming which was a reddit ama
and this was a quick through activation
meaning that
um and we described the activation right
so the first thing we start off is with
objectives to create content around
second place run at msi a major
international tournament and drive
partners traffic to a partner in an
authentic way again using that
authenticity right there and so we have
a screenshot here of like astro and them
doing the uh like doing the tweet and we
say exactly what happened and then we do
a shortened url which was our own
affiliate url which shows that like
we're capable of doing that kind of
reporting and we show exactly how many
click-throughs that that got in big bold
letters right 26 000 click-throughs to
the astro page in addition to upvotes
and comments for the reddit ama so
reddit amas are a group so there's so
much i have to talk about in just this
case study because it shows you
it talks so much about what your company
can do so first of all it says hey we
create custom activations like reddit
amas that are very creative we built
this from the ground up ourselves so
like you're getting a uh an esports team
and by extension like if we're selling
like an agency that does a creative
thing for you right and he and so we're
we're leading with the the darshan
reddit ama because eretta ama is a very
unique way to approach something like a
sponsorship typically a sponsor that's
going to be working with you is going to
be
like let's say you're a twitch streamer
they're going to be working with your
chat bot they're going to be working
with overlays like maybe they do like a
banner like like it's like a very
typical way to sponsor somebody what
this does is it separates us immediately
as a brand that is going to be able to
like do something for you that you or
that other people are not going to be
able to do and a reddit ama is a great
way to prove that with phenomenal
results so we're going to take our most
incredible statistic
we're going to take our like objectively
most incredible statistic and we're
going to throw it at that brand right
away which for us was was quick throughs
to the astro page like 26 000
click-throughs to a page is super
impressive and um
off of like a reddit ama okay and so
like through this picture we show that
we can engage with the brand we can
craft tweets like there's so much
communication that's going into the way
that we've designed this marketing
resource um at the same time we've tried
to make it very clean we tried to
communicate like what the objectives
were with the activation as a and also
what happened so having that same
objective and results tier for your
marketing resources can be really
beneficial to you so just like here's
what we set out to do here's the result
that we produced right very simple
straightforward get the stats keep going
let's look at another one
this is an activation that we did with
dx racer so jdm was one of our players
on our cs go team and he had a meme in
his community that was um loungin okay
so like he would he always like sit back
in his chair when he gamed and he'd have
like like he'd have like the claw grip
for fps players and he would lounge back
in his chair right so we decided to
create a authentic meme based on this
and promote dxracer through this um this
like this sort of like meme lens that he
had okay and so the methodology was
utilize the player's meme and brand that
naturally fit and would see as be seen
as authentic by the community and it
worked great right we got 386
click-throughs in one tweet 66 average
impressions so on this particular
campaign um we didn't like this number
of like click-throughs um
on just one tweet and we liked this
average impression so we wanted to
include impressions just because like
and like engages just because it was
like um
it's hard to sell tweets harder to sell
tweets so we did um average impressions
because that impressions never looks
like very impressive to brands like 66
000 impressions off of one tweet but
that is pretty impressive for like a
sponsorship tweet okay so like still did
like very well again like we're focusing
on authenticity and the fact that we can
create these like creative campaigns
okay so like when you're thinking about
this for your marketing resources you
want to think about like how you can
create active campaigns and things like
that and like we're um we're providing
as objective stats as possible for
previous activations we've done
here's uh astro gaming plus dx racer oh
also note that um each one of these
campaigns are very different things so
this is a reddit ama this is a tweet and
then this one is actually a youtube
video series that we did called clg
reacts where we produce a youtube series
that's also sponsored this case astro
gaming and dx racer and create a react
series where we're using the chair right
we're using headsets see how darshan is
like placed with like the headset and
then the a40 is in the um in the frame
right that's all very intentional and
then you um what we did here was pretty
intelligent and you could you could do
yourself we used so
these reacts videos are popular because
of their reacts content right they're
not popular because the brand themselves
are involved in the reacts content but
we were able to leverage that as a
success for the brand does that make
sense so 223 000 youtube views in one
video was because aphromoo reacted to
talia right but that number we can use
in the context of advertising a
sponsorship because we are uh that's the
number we got right so that's not like
if we had done an astro gaming video
that was just about astro gaming we
would not have gotten 200 000 views but
because we did this video and then we
attached it to a sponsorship we um
we were able to get these kind of
results and there is a great lesson
there for you where you can attach your
most popular content that you know is
going to do well
in our case based on historical results
so we knew that our react series was
going to be popular and we released
videos attached to sponsors and sold
sponsorships to those videos so that we
could then create an activation around
those videos and we could use it for
something like this because those case
studies are that important so i i will
literally think like through
hours and and months before i'm going to
work with a um sponsor
i will literally
think through
what a case study could be so you can
attune your most successful content or
your most successful like brand
activations to things like this and and
then prepare it in the uh beforehand
so now here we've got um
a twitter gif responsive uh response
activation
is for the lcs championship
so
um we filmed ll players doing various
reactions and created gifts for each
player during matches we mainly
responded to each person that tweeted
clg fighting or clgren with a gif clg
responded with a total of 670 fans so um
we could brand these astro gaming with
these tweets and we did um we did
basically like a gif response thread and
you can look at it we got 3.4 million
impressions 82 000 engagements 16 000
url clicks and 670 tweets back right
absolutely incredible activation again
showing that kind of creativity of like
a twitter gif response activation how
often have you thought of that um as
like something that you typically do for
sponsors like so often when you're um
creating marketing resources
the thing that like drives me crazy
about people that create marketing
resources is they just do like whatever
your industry's most generic way to do
an activation is so it's like you know
you sell um
carpentry products and like you just
like do like whatever every carpenter
does in a market recess like find a way
to build a deck that looks really unique
for what you're doing and do activations
that are really unique like twitter gif
responses are still things that aren't
done in esports but they're they're
phenomenal like there's a phenomenal
method of marketing right um just kind
of gives an example of like um my
marketing mind like what i'm trying to
think of is i'm always trying to like
all these activations are things that we
did on the back end within our
organization decided to do right um that
we thought would be unique and we would
attach the sponsors
uh here's what we did for eye buy power
and elemental knives which was um to
work through and uh help like build like
an active relationship so these are just
like ongoing activations that we showed
and just kind of the results we got
there okay so
i i like
showing you all these like marketing
resources
um
what what i might my goal here is to
build a
uh a like like a portfolio slash like a
kind of like example of ways you can
think about creating your own marketing
resources now i i know what the response
with a lot of you is going to be it's
like well devin i've never done any kind
of sponsorship activations and i've
never um
i i've never sold anything i don't have
any of these like objective metrics to
be able to like go forward and show
people that i've gotten like engagement
when related to a sponsor so i'm going
to tell you what you want to do because
i i'm preempting that i know that a lot
of you are going to be in that situation
you might be running a business or a
small business or an agency where you
don't have those results so what do you
do
you take your most successful
videos
activations
um
data whatever you have and you put that
in and you say this is what it could be
if you attached your brand to us so
um
taking your top youtube video for
example and saying hey this is what like
this is what happened this is the viewer
engagement this is what it would look
like so oftentimes i'm going to show you
like a sneak peek of um
something we did i actually didn't
expect to do this in this video so let
me like pull this up real quick but i
think it'll be like really beneficial to
you um i just want to make sure like
i don't give up some like proprietary
information here so
um
okay cool so
we i'm gonna give you an example of like
a a page we did
uh on a clg deck and i'm going to show
you like
uh
what i mean here so one of the things
that we would often do
uh as a result of like when we had this
problem so here's an example of us
pitching a brand
uh this is razer that we pitched
we would actually photoshop razer onto
the jersey so you don't see it here but
oh actually you do see it here right
like is that razer so um i think it is
we would actually like photoshop
like this is what the brand could be and
what it would look like and then we
would sorry this is probably for ants
but if you zoom in here you can see like
bring awareness and visibility to raise
arena i just copied this off of a a
small monitor so in reality it's like
the full page but um
you would you would show what that
activation would look like and i will do
a follow-up video to this video that is
going to be going through how you would
create a good deck right like so like
how you would actually create a deck
that pitches people and if you watch
that video in combination with this
video i think you'll get a better idea
of like what i mean by this but um if
you don't have the data and resources to
create this kind of like like like the
objective metrics of like click-throughs
or things like that you'll want to
create examples of what a brand would
look like partnering with you okay
whether you're a business or a content
creator so if you're a business for
example um what would a like let's say
you sell a coffee or something right
what would it look like like show a
picture of your current packaging that
you have with a picture of like the
brand attached to it and then show some
numbers on the other side of like
previous sales that you've done previous
uh like like successful activations that
you've done or things like that right um
if you're a content creator um
put the brand like you could do
something like a uh picture of yourself
where you're talking and you like have
like bullet points as to like why a
brand could work with you or like a logo
or something like like one of the things
that's um we do a lot at novo
and also clg you'll see that i did this
clg plus here like um i wonder if i
could find for you in fact this would be
in of itself a video that i could go
over and somebody on patreon can remind
me uh if you if you like this kind of
stuff i'll do a review of novo's pitch
to the us army which uh but on there you
had like a really big thing that was
like professionally done and we used
both logos and it said um it would say
something like uh here we'll put it like
really big font it'll be like novo x oh
my god
and us army right and then you'd have
both logos together just implying
already a partnership and obviously
these would all be colored up to like
the us army colors the the we take both
logos and we would put them together and
then we would do like a partnership of
what they will i should do another video
on just that activation is that like
just the way that we did that at novo
because it was it was like huge and uh
but but like well i can show you the
deck right because i just don't have it
on hand it would take too long to go
find and like to i want to script it
better because i haven't planned out
like how to talk about it like i did
this video but um you like looking at
how we do see how everything we do is
like astro gaming xdx racer
dx racer
xclg right you you want to like make it
seem like that partnership is seamless
and like attach their brand imagery
attach like to your to your own thing
and um
create marketing resources around that
uh
there's a couple other things that i
have like on my notes um just take a
look at how clean this is there's not a
lot of um
like in my opinion like now as a
marketer because i did this in 2015 this
is devon nash 2015 marketing if like
devon nash 2022 to marketing i like feel
like this stuff is like too much text
and like there's just like too much
going on here i'd make it even simpler
less is more when you're building
marketing resources um just
like i would lower the bullet points
down to one i'd make these like
objective and method result things
bigger but this solo this these these
this deck like this marketing resources
sold a lot like millions of dollars
easily like this kind of stuff and this
was this was kind of the spear tip of
that um of of those resources like after
like your objective when you're building
marketing resources like this is to get
a person on a phone call and then um
discuss like greater terms so i would
often lead our email chains or our
outbound selling with this kind of stuff
right so um
depending on what stage you are and if
you have marketing resources maybe this
is a good video to improve them but if
you don't have marketing resources and
you're listening to this i i do not care
who you are or what you sell you need
them uh any any this is one thing that
is ubiquitous to all businesses and all
stuff that you're doing you need
marketing resources and you need a way
to sort of like think through and
differentiate your brand and your
marketing that like makes you make like
like makes you different um so start
here with these marketing resources and
i'm gonna i'll actually make this into a
series this will be part one uh part two
we'll be going over decks part three
we'll be um going over specific
activations that novo has done i'll get
into some of this the marketing
resources that novo has done i just
didn't do that here because i just think
that like some of the clg stuff is
really good for introductions to like
how this process works so if you like
this stuff you want to see more details
on this uh leave me a comment um or just
like tell me like what you think about
it and that we'll make more stuff okay
cool thanks hope this is helpful bye
