hello hello this is a video about one of
my favorite topics which is
effectiveness in the professional world
everywhere we learn productivity we
learn how to be efficient and we learn
that there are certain ways to
do things and i think that the majority
of the ways that are presented to do
things are
really poor ways of actually getting
things done if you master
the way to become effective then you
will always be doing the most important
thing you need to be doing at any given
time so that's what i want to talk about
today i think that we are taught a lot
of the time that multitasking is a good
thing this is like probably the first
misconception that i want to clear up
and it's never a good thing so a lot of
people have like two
broadcasts or a youtube video going
while they're listening to music while
they're listening to a podcast while
they're trying to work on something no
so this is the domain of amateurs real
professionals that are experts at their
craft are people who focus on a single
thing and they ask themselves super high
quality questions so i'm going to share
some of those high quality questions
with you today these are the kind of
questions that i ask myself every single
day that i'm at work and we'll start
here so what is the most important thing
i can work on today and i want to
highlight important
and we'll go back to it i'm going to ask
a couple other questions what is the
number one problem i have to solve
professionally today
right
and then what problem if i solve this
leads to a 5x or 10x of my total results
so we tend to think of effectiveness as
strategies if you've probably watched a
lot of productivity or self-improvement
videos you've probably heard about the
pomodoro technique where you just like
click on and off for 20 minutes you've
probably heard about all these different
life hack techniques but i don't want to
advertise to you effectiveness as a
technique or a strategy i want to
advertise it as a state of mind and the
state of mind comes about by constantly
asking yourself these questions and
continuously cutting away at
trivialities and things that you don't
need to do effective people are not
people that use strategies and
techniques sometimes people use
techniques to
augment their effectiveness like okay
i'm only going to work for this hour
with as little distractions as possible
and i'm going to shut down browsers and
stuff but everybody knows that what
people don't know is how to think in a
way that is effective and that is what
separates serious professionals from
amateurs you have to cut away a lot of
these sort of bs that people think
because the the majority of people are
working on stuff that doesn't move them
forward and this is usually because of
fear
usually people will work on stuff that
doesn't make a difference to them so for
example like if you're a content creator
you might work on like a couple of
graphics
that you you know you need to do or you
might work on
some small aspect of your business like
that you need to do a good example this
actually with live streamers is a lot of
live streamers spend most of their time
streaming because streaming is easy and
even professional broadcasters at a high
level do this both because they think
that that is the way to move forward and
also because they think that that is
going to get them better results but it
doesn't right there are tons of better
things you could do for example you
could make a highlight video that's two
minutes long that you could post on
reddit about your top gameplay stuff or
things that you're doing right or you
could you could post um different
marketing materials we could get more
viewers on their platform or syndicate
to another platform or set it up so you
could automatically syndicate all your
content to another platform or set up a
multistream these are like things that
people are afraid to do to take risks
because they're focusing on trivialities
so you want to
identify first
the the vital things that you need to do
and that requires a totally separate
quiet area where you spend a deliberate
amount of time just asking yourself this
question and you should get into the
habit of doing this consistently enough
that you can ask yourself this question
pretty much automatically every day
where you say okay what is number one
problem in my company all right i'm not
making enough money okay that's a good
start so how much money do i want to
make let's like break that down okay i
want to make x per month all right what
viewership what number of people buying
my product what number of subscribers
would i need to get to that and then
what is the thing that i focus on to get
those subscribers today maybe it's the
pay-per-click campaign that i really
want to run i want to throw 10 or 15 at
a pay-per-click campaign and try out
facebook ads but i've been nervous about
it that's the thing i need to do and
then breaking through and doing that
hard work on that fear that even if you
work two to three to four hours a day
you can easily
overcome
dozens of other businesses in your in
your competition because you are
focusing and trying to be effective and
that is the concept of the one thing
there is the the idea of the one thing
and it's actually a book title it's
where i pulled it from but i you don't
need to read the book because i'm kind
of telling you some of the concepts here
and the way that i incorporate it is
that
you you you don't
want to i don't know whoever this is
because abilities is a bad thing um you
don't want to
think that everything
matters equally because everything
doesn't matter equally some tasks are
exponential
over others and additionally
discipline motivation
is the result of consistent habit not
life hacks and asking the right
questions
and pushing through fear
identifying what you absolutely need to
do in a exercise 10 minutes a day and
then knowing that thing that you need to
do you can then apply strategies and try
to
[Music]
actually get that thing done but without
knowing that or even encountering this
problem you can't know that and so this
is this is what um the best approach to
getting what you want is
and getting crazy results is focusing
down on this distilling it down and
consistently doing those small things
every single day because nothing gets
done in the success of a business
through
a single step that then pushes you
forward it is a consistent series of
work protocols set up to affect vital
points in your business and solve vital
problems that then push you forward this
is how people become unbelievably
successful luck basically
finds them eventually because they're
just working on that one thing so if you
are a product based business the one
thing you probably need to do is acquire
more customers at a higher quality and
get more sales and that might be what
you're thinking about if you're a
service based company you might have to
acquire customers you might have to
improve your service if you are a brand
or a content creator you most likely to
acquire greater viewership or monetize
your existing viewership better those
are some areas to think about and if
you're a larger business then there are
a ton of different places you can go by
department uh but usually you want to
start in sales and marketing and think
about what are some of the places you
can improve there but everybody should
have a kind of intuitive idea of what
their key pain points are going to be
and again just take 10 to 15 minutes a
day to write those down and think about
them so this is just a quick video to
talk about the one thing to talk about
the concept of essentialism and dispel
some uh some kind of misconceptions
around multitasking and creating what uh
just doing frivolous activity you should
distill your activity not by the number
of hours you do something but by the
absolute focus you have and the results
you're getting as a result of solving
vital problems that is how to become
unbelievably successful let me know what
you think thanks for watching
