hello many people struggle with what to
hire when to hire what kind of person do
I hire and that is the video that we're
going to make today it applies to
everybody even if you've never hired an
employee there's going to be some stuff
in here specifically around contractors
that you maybe will be hiring people
much sooner than you think if you are a
person who is hiring people this will
help you an immense amount and you will
definitely want to watch this video so
how we're going to break this video down
is we are going to do it in three
sections we're going to describe the
kind of three types of employees and
what the appropriate times to hire them
and like what considerations are around
that and if you want to wonder okay well
why is Devon wearing a blanket for this
video it's because it's one in Texas
okay one they could only give us one
temperature a single temperature so
we're g to break this into three
different categories it's could be
Executives employees part-time or for
time uh part-time or full-time and then
finally contractors we're going to go
over kind of
everything therein and I think this
distinction here between Executives and
employees is going to be a big
difference in the way that many people
think about business and probably be one
of the most valuable points of this
video so let's start with the idea of an
executive I think a lot of people don't
understand the difference between an
executive and an employee so Executives
uh even though the core of their the
word executive executive execute right
they actually don't do much good
Executives actually don't do much
they're not really reliable people to
bring into a company to actually
accomplish a lot of projects they think
more about the direction the company
should go and the problems they're in
and then how to solve those and then
they can direct other people to solve
those problems so uh I'd like to the
best way I can describe an executive is
in terms of the one to 100 concept okay
and if you're an executive or you want
to be an executive this is going to be a
great kind of primer for you as well
1200 concept of Executives is how I
think about Executives so what does that
mean so so one if you take a company you
put it one to 100 okay one like level
one is the very beginning of a company
it is the idea around running a company
like man it would be really cool if this
city had more hot dogs that's like one
okay and then maybe like five is I go
out onto a website I research hot dog
stands and I figure out if I can place
one like how much it would cost okay and
then like 10 is like oh we actually like
have the the the the stand notice it's
like exponential and and like 20 to 30
40 is like okay we've like expanded into
like two or three hot dog stands we're
franchising all the way up to like 100
where you've got like a Microsoft or
like a Tesla or a a massive company
turns out there are different Executives
for different levels of a company and
some Executives that work on a company
that's like a 1 to a 30 are not the same
Executives that work on a company that
is like a 50 to 100 so for example I am
a
10ish to to like 30 or 40% executive so
I can take I can I can take an idea
that's really good not that good at like
making my own ideas but I can take an
idea and I can bring it to sale I've
done that two times I'm going to do it a
third time I can bring the company to
sell to a big company and then for that
rest of that time that 50 to 100 of
getting that company from what's say
probably over about a 100 employees to
the thousands of employees range I'm not
your guy I am uh I am just not that kind
of person that can run those really big
companies okay so when you're hiring for
executives you're considering Executives
you first want to consider where on the
scale that you want these kind of one to
100 people and that is and that's going
to be really important because you might
be offering these people equity and just
keep in mind that almost it's just it's
unbelievably rare it's so rare that we
can count on one hand how many people
are true one to 100 Executives it's
people like Elon Musk it's people like
Jeff Bezos like these are people that
can take a idea in their garage
literally and bring it into fruition of
multi multi-millions dollars it's really
really hard so for most Executives
they're going to be operating you you
want to be Opera in the startup range
for most of you that are watching this
video almost all of you all of you
you're not you're going to want to hire
Executives who are good within the um
the the you know the one I even say the
one because you've probably got the idea
the the five to 10 to like 40 range you
might be hiring like in my range ver and
that's that's important right because a
lot of people think of Executives as
like oh um I want to bring what if I
could bring in this like 70 to 80 level
person a person that's worked at like
Amazon at like a really high level or
like worked at Microsoft at a very high
level well those people may not
necessarily be great for your startup
because they're working in an
infrastructure with a ton of resources
with a with a p&l with a budget they may
not know how to get Scrappy and start
fighting with dirty socks in a
gladiatorial pit at 4 in the morning
because that's like what you do as a
startup right like it's a different
culture so you kind of have to keep that
in mind so I thought it would be
productive to kind of go over the
different types of Executives there are
for what you might consider hiring at
first um and then we're going to go over
kind of like what EX executives are sort
of responsible for and then we'll move
over to employees all right now that you
understand the um uh the 1200 concept so
the first one's going to be the CEO big
CEO role okay CEOs typically you can
hire a CEO actually into your company
you can hire a person to literally do
the entire executive Vision these people
usually come in in between like five or
15% Equity I was hired on as a CEO for
CLG an existing company that was already
in like the kind of like 10 to 15 range
and I helped to take that company to
like 40 so your CEO is going to be hired
on to execute a vision they usually
answer to a board which is like a group
of people that are overseeing the
company if they don't answer to a board
they answer to a uh owner and they
understand the vision of all other
Executives that they can add to them
that is why being a chief executive
officer is so difficult because you
should be able to go to the marketing
person you should be able to go to like
the technical person and you'll be able
to not even you'll understand the
department to the degree that they do
but you'll be able to understand the
overarching problems with the company
how they link together and how you want
to make that Vision connect okay so the
CEO is the executive vision of the
company literally where the company is
going and really the CEO should be
answering the question what is the
number one problem that my company has
if you are an owner you are the CEO
congratulations this is your role what
is the number one problem my company has
right now and what should I do to solve
it urgently okay that's CEO next we go
to CMO um obviously these titles get a
little bit weird if you look at my
official at Novo um it's CMO right but I
am in fact coner and I do a lot of CEO
related tasks I take the title of CMO
because I'm kind of tired of um being in
the CEO of a company there's a lot of
implications of being the public facing
person and a lot of like stuff that goes
with that title that I just don't want
to bother with so Cosmos in their
traditional sense our marketing Vision
they are looking at how to get the
product out there basically are we
advertising are we running ads digital
or traditional how is that going to look
how do we acquire more clients and more
customers for our business that's what a
CMO does different from let's say a cro
which is a chief Revenue officer these
are people that usually are responsible
for driving direct Revenue through sales
teams so people that are CEO C typically
have a ton of sales experience uh CTO
are technical Vision people these are
people who you like so for example we at
Novo don't have a CTO we never will
because we don't really have that
impressive of a tech stack meaning like
we don't have like a SAS product or
something or like that we're selling to
people our service our main business is
a service so we don't need a CTO
sometimes CTO are like the most
important people in companies they're
the people that really Define the um the
product and the service if you are a
person who is like a CEO you'll often
have to partner with the CTO if you have
an impressive Tech stack for a business
you need to do a bunch with your
business that's going to be um some some
sort of techy stuff and you can't uh you
can't uh do it yourself in a way that's
sort of my relationship with Mike coner
Mike coner also fulfills the role of a
CTO and I fulfill the role of a CMO and
a cro so those are things that he
doesn't have the greatest strengths in
he's not that great at marketing and
sales and I am absolutely abysmal at it
and uh uh anything technical so we we
cross over in those roles it's often
good to if you're hiring Executives to
find people that have strengths that you
don't um next we have the CH uh the CFO
so a CFO is going to be the financial
vision of the company they control p&l
balance sheets um they own operating
expenses for the company most people
hire CFOs too soon notice I said like
Financial vision of the company meaning
that like there has to be enough
financials to have a vision which means
like you've got to be doing I'd say
like5 to1 million ARR like before you
actually hire a a CFO but before then
you can contract it you can have
accounting firms there's a lot of
different ways to do this so a lot of
people are too quick to hire this person
and it costs them unnecessary money uh
and the last one I'll put in there are
others but the last one I'll put in is
like CSO which is the chief strategy
officer this is in very large companies
like Fortune 500s and stuff where you
have a person that needs to execute on
strategy separate from the CEO all right
and those are your Executives so now
that we understand what Executives there
are let's kind of understand what they
do um per category they're all the same
so they just own different parts of the
company but the idea of being executive
doesn't change among these uh among
these categories so uh the first thing
they can do is they understand every
aspect of their department so if you
these are good Executives okay not every
executive can do this but like these are
people that I would consider to be good
Executives these are Executives like by
Peter Ducker or by um Andrew Carnegie
are they're considered like good
Executives in the business world so the
first thing is they understand
everything about their Department
meaning that you could go to an
executive you go to me in the marketing
department at Novo and say what is your
number one problem right now I
instantaneously answer you that we are
trying to acquire high value clients
above the uh like kind of Revenue level
of like $1 million a year it's it's very
tough because getting in front of those
sorts of people and those decision
makers and and the way to present to
them is uh difficult and I can give you
a a a like a list of five things that
I'm working on right now that I'm good
that are trying to improve on that
problem right so a cro would say okay
well here are the problems with our
sales team like we don't our close rates
are too low or um our time to close
maybe is too high for example like maybe
like we're we're closing deals but we're
closing them on an average of like a two
to four month basis we want that to be
one month they'll be able to go to any
aspect of the company and they'll be
able to uh but they'll ALS they'll know
that right at like a very high level but
they'll also know that at like a low
level they'll be like okay um a lot of
our sales people run into problems with
scripting that's costing us sales like
we probably need to get our scripting a
little bit better these places and
they'll be aware of all those places and
they'll be able to prioritize which one
of those problems is more urgent and
which ones that they should focus on
okay uh so so hopefully as you go
through like how these executives are
thinking you can start to apply this to
your company because everybody is an
executive in their company uh even if
you're a person of one if you're an exe
if you're a content creator you're an
executive of your of your broadcast you
got to be thinking about these problems
in in these ways okay so they understand
every aspect of their problem uh of
their Department likewise they can also
understand key problems with with that
department so they can instantly answer
what's the number one problem when your
your your department right now very
importantly they can also outline and
teach different levels of Department
Dynamics they can create sop standard
operating procedures like how you do
something at any level of a department
so for example if I I know how to run an
ad for Novo but I also know how to build
a sales script or a demo for example and
I could teach that at different levels
an executive should be able to walk into
any level of their department and be
able to do that job competently so they
understand each level and they can teach
each level and of their Department
depending on how sophisticated their
business is and finally and obviously
they evaluate existing hires meaning
this is what most people think is all
Executives do um they evaluate existing
hires and they're informed enough to
make new ones semi- intelligently so
they uh look at their different hires in
their department and they say okay these
people are like my you know one to 10
you hear a lot like this person's like a
four they're on their way out this
person's like a seven on their way to an
eight this person's like a perfect 10 I
love them I'm going to give them a raise
I'm going to give them a bonus I'm going
to invite them in at a higher level I'm
gonna build I'm gonna have them build a
team they know that kind of stuff most
people think this is management really
um but there there's a reason why
there's Executives in a company and
there's managers in companies right and
managers don't make executive level
decisions and Executives don't make
manager level decisions managers are
people that handle people and they
handle the problems of people track
their kpis and make things happen but
executives are people that sit in the
vision the reason why there is a idea in
modern society that Executives don't do
anything is because they actually
honestly don't look like they do
anything um executives are people like
you look at a person like Jack dorsy who
ran Twitter right he walks barefoot to
work two miles every day he takes
enormous amounts of time off he um uh he
has a huge beard takes a [ __ ] ton of
iasa and uh trips out in the Amazon
rainforest for two weeks and you're like
this guy is clearly doing nothing for
his company
but he built Twitter right he built
Square so like where is this coming in
well he is using a lot of that extra
time to build a vision of the company
that he then communicates to people who
are going to be responsible for
executing and he pays them to do that so
the it's a two-sided Vision because he's
selling that Vision not only to his own
employees who are going to execute that
he's also selling it to the investors
who are giving him the money to be able
to believe in him enough to be able to
do this Vision okay that's his first
role is a l a lot of CEOs will have the
role you add here of uh driving revenue
for their company this it's just not
relevant to sorry driving investment for
their company it's not relevant to me
because I don't do investment that way I
do organic growth only but a lot of CEOs
their full-time job is just raising
money for the company that's like
totally fine and sometimes you hire
someone else to do that um who might be
like a CSO or something or um a CO like
an operating officer we actually didn't
put that in there a COO is actually a
really common role that that you could
call this almost a uh a c a c we'll put
that in the same category there
for Coos really kind of like the helpers
of the CEOs so um Executives spend an
enormous amount of time thinking about
what the company ought be or what it
isn't now and what it could be and
that's a very confusing thing to um
people that aren't thinking on that
level they they they they it looks like
you're doing nothing at all but you are
in fact doing a ton and sometimes it
takes a trip to the Amazon and and a
bunch of iasa to figure out that the
next thing you need to do is expand into
web 3 or whatever
and so um for that reason Executives
often times spend a lot of time like
working out or in meditation or um
reading or reading a ton I mean most
Executives read a ton you can look at
like Warren Buffett or like the late
Charlie merer to uh look at how much
they they read for example uh the amount
that I read per day is insane um and and
often times it can look like they're
doing something very weird and that they
don't deserve the amount of pay they
they get um it is my experience and
contention that the vast majority of
Executives I've met not all this but but
it's pretty rare the vast majority of
Executives I meet absolutely deserve
their pay they are they're incredible
and they're moving their company forward
to to tens of millions of dollars a
year but there are some things that they
don't do um they don't generally execute
like we said before I don't know why
there's so many stars there so all let
me fix that formatting for
you and they're not project
managers meaning they shouldn't be
expected to go back and forth with
employees and be like are you on this
project we actually literally have PMS
for that that's what the RO project
manager is but in smaller companies they
do often track kpis meaning like the way
that employees are doing things uh in
five to 50 person companies executives
are generally Hands-On with that and
then they kind of move that over to
managers after the 50 person Mark okay
so that's Executives um there should be
a lot to go back on in this category
of of like what you should think about
as an executive and as a owner of your
company so now let's get into employees
and let's kind of talk about employees a
little bit and when you need them versus
contractors and and so we'll kind of
move into the entrepreneurialship part
of this video and and some of the
critical things there okay so for
employees
um employee is a term that is thrown
around a lot as uh anybody that is
working for a company
but I believe an employee is a and the
more importantly the IRS believes an
employee is a very uh deliberate
position it's a person you W2 which is a
specific tax tax form and they either
work for you parttime at 20 hours a week
or full-time at 40 hours a week plus
like salary which is you know
potentially infinite but you're supposed
to work not that
much uh you're accountable to different
state laws with employees which you will
need to understand in their different
per your state but simply said an
employee is a position that solves a
problem requiring 20 or 40 hours more of
work per week in your company over at
least six months okay and you might even
add a word in here that says it's an
ongoing
problem now I think that
most the the the the problem that most
entrepreneurs have and most business
owners have is they tend to hire
employees for problems they could
contract and and and if you understand
this video if you walk away from this
video and you're thinking is oh my God I
could probably do a 100 times more
Contracting with like way less employees
you're going to get the right message a
lot of times problems in companies show
up and we get really stressed about
them and then we like we're kind of
desperate to sort of knock the ball back
over the net and so we hire somebody to
solve that problem but maybe the
development of the product or the
evolution of the business or the fact
that like more revenue is coming in just
makes that problem irrelevant and those
employees tend to stay there for long
periods of time and for that reason we
have a lot of churn in our economy where
employees are kind of just sitting in
jobs where they don't do much there are
very few jobs that it takes 20 or 40
hours a week of problems to solve and
one of the best ways that you can
learn that you need an employee is that
you are spending 40 hours a week on
something that you don't want to be
spending your time on that you feel like
you could contribute greater so for
example like I design all of the ads for
Novo and I write the copy for things
like
no.top this is all written by me but
maybe I get to the point where this is
all I'm doing like the like we're
building a bunch of websites and this
expands and I see that in the next six
months I'm going to need somebody
ongoing that's going to be doing that
copy well in that case I'm I'm inclined
to hire an employee for this but I still
might contract for some some reasons
below okay so employees are not for
tasks right that's that's for that's
contractors right employees should have
standard operating procedures and
objectives they should be expected to
understand a process so they they they
clock into work every day and they they
report on their process via their Dr
which is a direct report and the
executive is the person sets out that
process the executive says okay you are
a salesperson that is going to be your
job we need sales for at least six
months we probably need it for years
what you're going to do is you're going
to call 35 people per day we're going to
put this list in front of you here's
your script and you're going to come
into work every day you're going to
start on the phones and you're GNA and
then and we're going to see how you do
we're going to look at your closing
we're going to look at your uh your
closer rates we're going to look at your
call rates that's an employee okay um
that is something that you have to be
very careful to hire for because
employees are expensive to maintain and
they're hard to get rid of um if you're
a company worth your salt you're
offering full healthare to to to
employees that costs us an average of
$1,000 per month per employee thanks
America uh it is it is very expensive so
you only hire
employees when you have 40 hours of week
cons of work consistently to do okay so
your editor is not your employee content
creators okay your graphics designer is
not your employee those should be
contractors you only hire them when you
have 40 hours of work consistently to do
you map in your company as an executive
what will take this kind of time and why
you're hiring for it and then you create
the job description that solves that
problem go back to Mastermind 40 or
between 40 and 42 uh sorry not all of
you have Mastermind access I guess
you're just screwed but uh we talked in
that about how how exactly to build a um
how exactly to build out a job
description for somebody and so you're
going to build that job description
about all the way to the end and then
you're going to say okay this is the job
I need and this is what I'm going to
hire for and you got all that locked in
before you ever hired that employee okay
expect to have employees at the company
for at least a year expect pay increases
of 6 to 20% per year as well as
restricted stock unit options for the
leaders that come up and upward momentum
into roles of higher responsibility for
those that want them meaning that if you
have hired five employees at a very low
level and you have no real option for
those people to take on a team to use
the example of like sales people let's
say that I've hired four sales people
eventually the idea would be that the
best of that lot is going to become a
sales manager who directs those people
so that the executive above them has
more time to think about what the
strategy should be for the sales
department that that would be the
natural progression that that would go
from there but to do that you have to
have quality enough problems and revenue
enough problems to be able to create
that leader position so just think about
that when you're structuring your
company all right let's talk about
contractors and then we'll kind of go
back through um all these people so
first thing about contractors they're
task oriented so it's work that can be
done on a project basis or scoped for an
amount of time um it's also work that
encompasses a small set of skills one to
three you might have more skills that
you need as an employee so this could um
this could Encompass everything from
like product creation for like a few
hours uh or maintaining a website or
maintaining something in the IT world to
design work editing marketing research
events and planning EXC ET most jobs I
would say greater than 90% of the total
jobs in our modern economy can be done
by contractors they are usually more
effective at completing task-based work
that employees and their effectiveness
is dependent not on the contractor's
skill usually but on your ability to
describe the project in scope so you
need to get really good at building
project scope you have to build Sops you
have to build things that describe very
well what um the project is and then you
can hand that over to a contractor and
have them do it
I would encourage you to um operate as
much as possible on like can a
contractor do this and and how would
that look versus like do I need an
employee to solve this problem okay so
like an executive is basically a last
resort and what and just telling you as
a as a VC and a person who's invested in
companies when I invest in companies I
look at their financial statements
because they are required usually to do
like three to five years of projections
to make us to be able to see like are
these people that we want to partner
with and like 90% of the time or greater
the executive that is trying to raise
that money has thought through every
single executive they want to bring on
the team and they haven't they don't
have a single plan for any contractors
or employees and I that's like an
immediate red flag will not invest
because I know that person like doesn't
fundamentally understand how a business
works a lot of people think that
businesses start with Executives but
executives are the last hire that you
make you start with contractors and if
contractors can't solve the problem you
bring an employe that can do it if the
employee can't solve the problem and
there just isn't enough like strategy or
like driving big thinking in that way
then you are responsible for bringing in
an executive and somebody that can help
with that but this is generally like a
last resort understanding that these
people generally don't execute very well
there are exceptions to this like I am a
badass executor when it comes to like
marketing advertising I can really Drive
sales and I can get that stuff in but
I'm a rarity among Executives in that
way that I can also like think big
that's one of the reasons why I've been
incredibly successful right is is
because I I'm able to think on both of
those points of existence and that's no
that there's no question as to why I've
built two eight figure businesses but
but that is not something you can
commonly fine and not something you can
commonly hire for so you kind of have to
be careful bring in Executives that they
may not be those executors if they're
those big thinkers those are often kind
of opposed uh sets of the Mind in very
much the same way that like people that
are like natural entertainers are not
like business people celebrities for
example are like have to have business
people it's like the same uh different
sort of sides of the brain okay so most
the the time you actually need a
contractor and if you kind of think from
first principles about what your problem
in your company is going to be and then
you can kind of be like hm okay um let
me go on Fiverr and like literally type
that in or let me go to like Thumbtack
and literally type that in or let me go
to LinkedIn and literally type that in
and just sort of like figure out what
that um position would entail and what
it looks like you could probably get a
contractor to do that that that and then
contractor might surprise you so we have
contractors for everything from like
massive data management
uh
to to sales to affiliate
marketing we have our entire Tech stack
as a company is being built by
contractors Ukraine programmers and I I
I we had a competitor who is building a
similar right now one of the things
we're building I kind of have to be a
little bit careful about this but we're
building out a a product that
um Brands can log into so that they can
uh get certain information about their
campaigns and do payment and make things
really easy and a competitor of ours
raised $25 million to build that project
out very similar product this is some
years ago and in four or five years they
couldn't do it they brought on 22 to 24
full-time employees or something like
that it was like 22 to 25 full-time
employees and they couldn't do it so for
I think just under $188,000 so far we've
built the entire Tech stack for that out
of the Ukraine with three people and
they're all
contractors the reason why is because of
really good scoping we we we we've both
my coner and I mostly M coner have built
out exactly what this is going to look
like and we've we' we we're good
Executives so we've strategized every
step of the way what it's going to look
like what a lot of Executives do is that
they want to hand off that strategy that
Vision to employees you should never
think of your employees as having any
sort of vision it's a bonus if they do
and they might be able to come to you
and be like hey um for this Tex stack
like you know brands should are
oftentimes wanting to view influencers
through this so could we add something
like that that's great if they have that
kind of suggestion but you should not
offload your hard cognitive thinking
onto your employees and expect them to
do that your employees are just going to
follow the processes and the tasks that
you put out and Hope they do that
well most Executives expect too much of
their employees I don't expect my
employees to do anything big think at
all I think um cognitive load is very
difficult and
stressful it takes a great deal of
mental effort and focus and
patience to to to build out these Sops
and Scopes in your head to know exactly
what a sales department needs to do to
succeed how they close how the
documentation looks what angles the
product needs needs to be communicated
from to be able to get those sales this
this is hard it's very hard to think
these things
through uh and and so so employees can't
be expected to do it as an executive
you've got to be thinking about that
time and then once you have those
[Music]
Sops in an actual Google doc that that
that looks like it is something that
somebody can just read step by step and
and and go I think you're on the right
track at that point so contractors are
your TurnKey solution for that some
great benefits of contractors they're
$199 meaning that they're on a totally
separate CL uh tax classification um
you're not responsible for the hours
they work you're not responsible for any
liabilities with them at all you're not
even responsible for paying their fair
share of taxes or Health Care like FICA
or like um or or any kind of like health
or social security stuff in the United
States therefore they are the quen
essential employee um my big mean team
lately has been to hire contractors out
of the Philippines uh I I I've had
incredible success with those uh with
those people like I mentioned before
we've hired a lot of tech people out in
the
Ukraine uh but I love third world
countries uh and and sending people out
and Contracting there I I think um you
could make a a much more significant
difference in people's lives at say
paying somebody four or5 dollar an hour
which is life-changing for them in their
in their economy um and they tend to be
more grateful for it and they tend to be
less entitled than um what my experience
with a lot of American contractors or
employees okay so generally speaking you
should kind of think about your company
from a first principal standpoint always
try to stand up from the point of um
Contracting first can I contract out
this problem and and even over a long
period of time I've had contractors that
work for my companies for years right
like it doesn't need to become an
employee position um in fact it's very
rare if ever that I ever uh have a
contractor to become an employee and
that's because I'm usually hiring for a
specific problem that I know is going to
take the 20 40 hours on the employee uh
scale it's just a different type of
thing and when I'm trying to bring in
Executives uh I'm thinking in the ways
that we've talked about so just think
from the ground up pretty much all of
your problems can be solved by a
contractor I also told you that um
you you you you might think as
a a business owner
that uh you might be like okay like
when's it time to like bring on like a
contractor and um I would say that like
if you are in business for yourself and
you're making some money and you're
storing it away you should contract
sooner than later for people that are
watching this video that are just
starting and you you've never had
another an employee you never had a
contractor one of the best things you
can do is bring on a contractor to do
some tasks just to get in the idea of
like paying people the psychology of
being a leader and having to build these
Sops in this scope out is one of the
biggest things that can leverage your
business and and your yourself as a
professional going forward so I would
encourage people to get a contractor as
soon as possible even it's really simple
something for like Graphics design or
something that's just like a very small
part of like maybe editing a part of
your videos that you really don't like
to do for contact creators maybe it's um
doing some kind of tasks uh like uh an
easy contractor for a lot of companies
is just like some kind of part-time
accountant that kind of keeps track of
your books tells you where you're at and
you can do that at like a very low level
and those people run you know anywhere
between like $250 to $500 a month if you
find a good one okay
so
I think that's it um I I think that
should give a kind of good overview of
like when you hire these people what you
hire these people for if there are any
more questions on this this topic just
like shoot them my way either in the
Mastermind chat or the asean chat and
then also you can um just like post a
follow up here I read comments
everywhere but uh hopefully this video
helps you guys out to build a company
from the ground up and using kind of
first principles thinking and and
hopefully uh gives you some better ideas
on how to execute in your company as a
strategy level thinker as well thanks
everybody and we'll see you again next
time for the next video appreciate you
bye
