hey okay we've got a question in our
mastermind chat from airwing marine
let's take a look
a current issue i'm struggling with a
decision on i've definitely been
discussed with w before is creating a
new channel for separate games currently
we make escape from tarkov content only
on my youtube channel using my alias i'm
going to start creating content for new
world here shortly as well as bf 2042
and is a game i enjoy along with tarkov
content so my question is do i create
different channels for this content each
game has its own channel use my main
channel to push interested folks to this
channel or
is it possible to build and upload a
concentration that allows to do it under
one channel or or am i to put the cart
in for the horse i shouldn't even be
thinking about this because i'm really
over 40k subs on my main channel all
right so we're going to talk about
multiple uh channels versus single
channels today and i'm going to find
some ways to type back into the business
so let's talk about multiple versus
single channels okay multiple channels
versus single channels
the absolute first question you want to
ask yourself
is what work am i doing now
so how much
am i uploading to my main channel and if
the answer isn't greater than three x
per week don't create
a new channel
why is this well uh i'll give you an
example
of why this is by using an example of
novo so right now at novo we have a
thing called rfbs rfp is a request for
proposals the way that we do creative
work for people is we
send a proposal to a brand and we say
here's the kind of work we'll do here's
the influencers we use et cetera right
so
uh every one of those proposals has a
little bit of a creative thing attached
to it so like imagine um
imagine that like a proposal is going
out to a brand like coca-cola just
making this up
they're going to come back and say hey
we have this kind of budget what can you
do for us we'll have to design some kind
of creative campaign that's cool for
them like a show or an event or
something like that currently that
creative process could be delegated i
could hire out for it and i could get i
could give it to someone else who's
called domain expert and i could give
that person that job of doing that
creative and then i'd pay them either
per rfp or a couple thousand dollars a
month or something to do that okay um
but i do it myself why because it only
takes me a few hours a week and it's not
i'm not over my head on it
way too many people that are in
businesses and way too many people in
funded companies this is a notorious for
this to have this kind of money or a
very high roi on marginal products what
they'll do is they will
they they they will basically hire out
and delegate for a problem that is not a
full-time job and this is why you see 6
000 people sitting at twitch doing
nothing because
as soon as there's like a perceived
problem we need to hire for that like we
need more of that right especially if
you can kind of justify it in budget but
you're not really thinking it through so
you have to first examine the quantity
and the quality
of the work that you're doing
uh this is true for some like this whole
analogy is going to be from multiple
channels for a single channel but also
for like hiring people or delegating
people i always want to add business
value in these talks as well as
not just for content creators so
quantity wise right do you have that 3x
quality wise are you introspective
are you
taking the time to go back
analyze your growth
change your thumbnails make your
decisions right are you uploading 3x
videos per week that are not just dog
 but quality are you doing that
right so if you're doing that um then
you're taking the time and you feel like
your channel is growing and you feel
like you can keep that up if you add
another channel okay then we start
looking at the benefits of multiple
channels
and the benefits of multiple channels
are generally
subscribers
will
consume content about the things
they're interested in
okay so i had this debate
on the devin nash channel where i love
lifestyle and self-improvement content
it's my first it's my favorite thing to
talk about
but it doesn't do that well on the
devnet channel because the devnet
channel is like a marketing slash like
business like finance slash like digital
media twitch type of thing and if i put
like pure
information on that channel about
self-improvement like how to lose weight
or something like that it wouldn't do
well so i always want to create like a
second channel like called devon
national lifestyle or something and make
that channel about that but
i would look at my youtube channel i was
like man i'm not playing like one video
a week here right like obviously i have
not committed to the degree that i
should be and so i don't deserve that
second channel because i was not putting
the work in like like the devon nash
youtube channel produces results right
it has over a hundred thousand
subscribers
like three videos a week on that channel
will produce results but i haven't
justified creating a second channel
because i can't even maintain a one and
way too many content creators fall into
this trap where they they you know that
you want a twitter you want a tick tock
you want seven twitch channels you want
a trovo you want a brime you want five
youtube channels you want an asmr
channel you want a separate webcam for
your dog that streams live on instagram
and this it's this diversification
concept that a lot of content creators
talk about even i talk about those
diversification but i talk about it in
the context of focusing generally i say
like you should be focusing on platforms
right
if you i think it's good to diversify
into like five or six different um
platforms and then see which ones are
overperforming and just drop the other
ones right so for example i diversified
into tick tock i did terrible on it
nobody ever talks about it i was the hey
you kids guy like hey you want to learn
about finance here's five separate tips
to save money in 2020. it was horrible
right like that's not my genre that's
not the kind of audience that i can talk
to so i stopped doing it right i didn't
keep like hammering that those nails
down but then i noticed i was over
performing on youtube and then i kept
doing that and i know i could
overperform on things like linkedin
right so focus is really important
generally speaking if you can if if
you've met all the above qualifiers then
multiple channels are a really good idea
and i'll give you an idea as to why so
my dear friend jeremy runs uh gaming
curious
gaming curios is like the coolest thing
on youtube um you will find uh his
channels all over the place so here's
one for apex legends right we'll go in
there with his just like casually
hanging out with the 286k subscribers
we'll go to minecraft curios right
blam there's his minecraft channel 336k
subscribers we'll go to we'll go to i
don't know valorent
there it is 223. overwatch
right we just go again you can realize i
keep doing this probably this this will
be a whole video if i kept going through
all these right he's amazing um so he
creates separate channels and part of
this is because of his monetization and
management style which you can look at
in a video called 700 million views
devin
uh oh
nash
hey okay and this video here how he got
700 million views without making any
videos is a video with me and jeremy
going over this whole subject for four
hours and it's phenomenal it's really
really good so uh check that out if you
want to learn more about how jeremy
thinks about things by far the the the
person that i respect the most in
content creation um industry on youtube
like just unbelievable freaking awesome
guy also very good like very like
ethical and like really good person very
hard to find in the content industry i
really like this guy so i can't
recommend him enough um for his strategy
he also hangs out in the discord um when
we're lucky you know when he's lucky
enough to stop by he's quite busy but
what he does um it's it's amazing every
time they just post these like paragraph
long like things that just changed my
entire mindset about youtube anyway
enough showing jeremy but but but uh
yeah like this this strategy begets um
the reason he's doing this is because
those people that subscribe to those
gaming channels are going to be
much more willing to
get that kind of content from him um
because he's
creating what so so here's the really
good thing so it's creating about the
game
versus about the influencer so if you're
ludwig
you can do
multiple you can do you can you could
probably play battlefield
um what are the other two games that you
mentioned
on this youtube channel
you can do that because this youtube
channel is about ludwig but you'll
notice that so so he he's for example
has i think a jump king video here
pretty recently he diversifies like he
can go through his chess right so he can
play multiple different games on this
channel because this is about him
right um but you'll also notice that
like he has to structure most of his
this is not purely a gaming channel and
you'll find very few influencers who can
do this that are not that are purely
gaming channels because you have to make
the content about you the influencer
uh and this requires a certain content
strategy if you've made the content
about the game and you're playing to do
game content it is much less for example
like a guide or like you're a voice over
or you're playing a game it is much much
more difficult to make a single channel
that works it can work and that's to
answer that question that airwing had
which is is it possible to build an
upload and contest strategy that allows
you to do it all under one channel yes
the answer to that is yes if you make it
about the influencer if you if you
yourself are the are are the star right
but like uh you got to realize how hard
that is like for example with the devin
nash channel like i don't i could be
wrong on this and maybe i'll get to this
point at some point but right now i
don't think that like the devin nash
person
is like the reason people watch i think
it's the subject matter the authority
and and that sort of thing i haven't
made the devines channel about the
influencer now um i i've made it about
the industry and that's it's a hard
thing to do to become a better
influencer you have to sacrifice a lot
like you have to do stuff like ludwig
does um another good example of this is
pokeman right like where pokemane has
made her channel about the influencer
but she's still heavily reliant on um
things like like fortnight and things
like that even to this day uh so we can
like take a look at her and you'll see
that she's doing a lot of different
content other than gaming such as um
room tours unban requests
these are all things that uh are
like whether you go down here it's like
among us and fortnight things like that
right so she's like relying like heavily
on those and she has to like play with
in like a certain field so you you won't
necessarily be able to i just want you
to understand like if you are going to
go for like the i'm the influencer route
this is extremely freaking difficult you
have to be an unbelievable entertainer
and you have to be so good that um you
can take people through different
experiences they won't care what the
game is or the subject matter is they
just care about you that's hard hard as
hell to do i'm not entertaining enough
to do that no shot right i i have to
provide an intense amount of value so
it's a individual evaluation but if
you're going to create stuff about games
individually and you you
and you could get away with that
okay i mean then it's it's pretty
reasonable to consider making multiple
channels as long as you can you can do
the upkeep and that's something that you
can um
you can work with that's kind of just
the individual evaluation based on the
aforementioned like stuff that's on the
table right
so um
those are some of the concepts i
consider let me see what else you're
doing uh
obviously like every one of these things
is individual it depends on so many
different variables it so happens that
airwing marine is uh in queue right now
for consulting with me so i i think i'll
be able to provide more value here i'm
just trying to provide general value on
this about what you should think about
making new channels versus not uh the
the most valuable lesson to everybody
here would probably be um
you should never ever consider making
another social media account another
multiple another channel another
anything until you have
focused on your main primary funnel if
you don't understand funnels go look at
the video that i posted on funnels um
and
the only time you should make a another
channel is if you are reasonably sure or
you can reasonably expect that that
might be an overperforming channel for
you so for example um
one of one of the the best things i
could do right now is create linkedin
content right i i'm reasonably sure that
linkedin is going to over perform i've
seen people who create content like me
in that sector do unbelievably well and
also my initial test into linkedin
including like doing a few video links
talking about some issues in the
industry writing a few articles right
i've done like just a couple of tests in
there have all been enormously positive
so i could reasonably expect that i
could branch out into linkedin and and
that's how i make that evaluation i'm
telling you about how i internalize that
valuation so you can think about this
for your own stuff um but i will not
make that expansion until i'm sure the
reason i haven't made that way well done
why i've been on linkedin uh because i'm
building number one a paid funnel which
is patreon right and that's been a focus
of how do i provide value there and i
need to make sure that i can
consistently upload here to patreon
before i do anything um in another place
and simultaneously i'm also trying to
consistently update to my youtube like i
need to you know try to do two to three
videos i don't really have a number but
like i want to get around that point um
and make sure that i i hit those kpis
before that i can expand it there if and
like lo and behold in a couple of months
if i've stayed consistent with three
videos every three ish videos every week
on the youtube and i'm staying
consistent with my patreon content um
then i will make it i will expand into
linkedin but not before then even though
i know it could be very valuable so
these are some of the
these are some of the ways that i think
about this decision making to to make a
proper decision i would rather like
educate you on the thought process of
how to go through it then i would like
actually tell you like an answer because
like you like it's your job as a
business person to like think about this
and and think about how you should
expand for people that are hiring or
people that are looking at this from
like a business perspective non-content
creation just thinking about all these
same decision making um issues when
you're hiring so like i'll i'll say okay
um do i need
a creative person well right now it
takes me about three to four hours to do
creative um i i it's not miserable for
me to do the process and um it's cool so
no not right now uh if it was taking 20
hours of my time and i could reasonably
build that time out against an
opportunity cost that would make make
the company more money well then i got
to start looking into creative and i
gotta look at something like part-time
or full-time or whatever those are the
assessments i make when i'm hiring um
there's an exception to that rule which
is like there are some skills i cannot
do right like some technical stuff or um
like sales for example which is like
like a core component of any company
where it's like i'm always hiring sales
um because i i always know
that
i need to
um
get that's like a primary core like
function of our business so i need i
know i know i know i need to be always
looking for that so um how long is this
okay 14 minutes that's a short devon
video but hopefully this kind of answers
the question and you know if you have
more specific questions if anyone has
more specific questions on this topic
like we can just go over it and i'll
make another one of these but hope this
helps okay bye
