hello today we are going to be talking
about how to start or how to optimize or
how to build a local services or
product-based business this is a real
good video for anyone that is like where
do I start what am I doing I want
business I want freedom I want that
entrepreneurial lifestyle I've been
watching about in those YouTube videos
but I don't know how to start don't know
where to go it's also really good for
people that have existing local
businesses and are wanting to build more
on those businesses because when I first
started doing marketing my first
business that I ever created was a
business that did local service
marketing for businesses so that's
actually my roots in marketing and I've
weirdly never like made a video about
this or talked about it I've run a bunch
of local businesses helped consult a
bunch of businesses so hopefully that
knowledge that I've aggregated can be
here and of Ed to you so here we go this
video begins
now so with a service-based business I
want you to think about a couple overw
Concepts and don't worry we're going to
get this is one of those videos going to
be like worth your time it's going to be
really objective we're going to get into
like some actual stuff you can do that
you'll have a whole laundry list of
things you can like actually just go out
and do 30 minutes from now when you're
done with this video but I just want to
outline a couple of important Concepts
to get you in the right mode of thinking
okay so the real two inputs that really
matter for starting a local business the
first one is volume the second one is
exposure okay what really matter matters
is just like how many ads or Impressions
am I putting out there in relation to
the total
population of the of my area of
business so if you're serving Los
Angeles right you're most not like
you're most likely not serving all of
Los Angeles you're most like if you live
in Pasadena you probably don't want to
serve Santa Monica that's like an hour
and a half drive right but you probably
serve Arcadia you might you might go you
know you might go out so far as Culver
City or something right it's like 20 or
30 minutes so once you decide on your
area of business which is probably
number one actually decide on your area
of business like how much do I want to
cover and if you have a local location
right like a restaurant well then your
area of business generally comes to you
might be anywhere between like 15 and 30
miles of your location right uh more if
you are selling some kind of like Niche
or special thing if you decide in your
area of business you decide just this
just becomes a matter of volume and
exposure this becomes a matter of how
many Impressions am I putting out there
and how many people see what I'm doing
that's all so everything that we do from
here on is going to just be a game of
trying to be in as many places as
possible you say well Dev it isn't all
marketing like that well no because in
the i in a lot of traditional marketing
we're doing some kind of like targeting
or we're trying to like get a specific
demographic of person but generally
speaking if you have a restaurant where
you think your food is good or you have
a service like you're putting up um
lights like we have one person The
Mastermind doing or you have a um window
business where you're your your your car
repair you're targeting a a demographic
that is General enough that if you get
in front of people that have apartments
and have houses and things like that
they're going to um they're going to
need your services if you are do one
easy way to start and something that I
started with the very first business I
think I ever ran unless you count the
one where I was selling tickets to get
into my room when I was four the to like
everybody like even Friends of the
family i' be like you got pay get in my
room you guys see my slide that I built
which wasn't really a slide if you if
you
um if you count don't count that one the
first buiness I ever rent was it
services like just going to people's
houses and fixing their computers and
you might think that like that's
obsolete now because everybody has
iPhones like H it's especially in the
older crowd they always need help with
something always need help navigating
something so that's that was a really
easy business to start and it's just
like you know everybody that has an
apartment has a house within a certain
demographic you don't really worry too
much about targeting here so the reason
why that matters is you're going to see
later in this video like if I if I'm
going to create like 5,000 flyers I
don't really care where those are going
I'll put them on cars I'll put them in
front of um uh on like the door knobs of
of uh local apartments of local
businesses I'll have them sent out by
USPS I don't really care right I'm doing
a volume and exposure game I'm not
worrying too much about local uh about
about targeting now the difference might
be like no even then like if you have
like a really high-end Steakhouse or
something you're saying well what about
then like am I going to Target just
people with a lot of disposable income
not necessarily maybe somebody that
that's their one time per year they want
to go out and they want to take their
wife to a nice steakhous right like you
never know so General targeting General
volume exposure are going to be the
concepts that we go over um as we get
into sort of the objective stuff which
begins now so the very first thing I'm
going to tell you and I'm going to give
you some links is um register for Google
business right away so Google Business
google.com/ buus there's a way to claim
your business and then add it to Google
basically just tells Google that you
exist if you have not done this and
you're a local business you do this and
then you just are a business like
literally like even if you're not in
like there's going to be um before I get
all those questions about like should I
incorporate should I do an LLC should I
do a DBA uh I'm not your tax guy uh I'm
just going to say uh you can get you can
go a long time without like officially
being a business when you do decide to
do a business in Most states it's better
to do an LLC than a DBA for a lot of
reasons that's probably a separate video
but I'm just saying like I I'm telling
you right now this is actually your
first step and a lot of people are going
to be like oh isn't my first step like
incorporating or going to the government
and doing something no no no forget all
that that's dumb you're never going to
start if you do all that stuff your
first job is to get a client you need to
sell your service you need to sell your
product you need to go okay like don't
worry about all that stuff there are
people that spend months and months and
months like incorporating I didn't like
incorporate my business until like years
after I was um doing them I still report
my income I still report my taxes but I
I don't worry about that uh it's
just stuff that will that you're going
to find in your head that kind of gets
in your way of like like as a
bureaucracy and wasting time you want to
skeleton crew that stuff you don't want
to worry about like that kind of stuff
so we're just going to do stuff that
like really objectively actually is
going to get you coin starting with
Google Business Google business is
amazing uh it automatically puts your
business on Google it will fill in a
bunch of Search terms for you so you're
going to want to write out a description
a very good description of like what
your business is exactly the customers
that you're serving put as much time
into this as like humanly possible think
about all that time you're saving not
incorporating or doing any of other dumb
 that the government eventually does
require you to do okay like eventually
you want to consider it but like after
you are making money and
stuff you want to put a lot of time into
like actually claiming your business on
Google to adding it to a profile uh and
then like making that exist on Google
likewise you want to go do the same
thing on Facebook you want to do the
same thing on Yelp so here is the Yelp
link to do this Yelp is another really
good place to find service-based
businesses and you can create a page for
your business which then appears on Yelp
yes there are still tens of thousands of
people locally that use Yelp especially
for restaurants especially for um like
car services repairs everything there's
tons of people that use it even within
younger demographics so both of these
things actually just immediately put you
on the map and if you do nothing else
you actually just like have a business
like a lot of people will come in so to
give you an example that it Services
business that I started I registered
that for Google Business God so this is
before I started streaming so I started
streaming in
2012 so I think in 2009 or eight
probably like 2008 7 to like 10 I had
that it business and just just to let
you know every week I still get texts
and calls from people who are simply
Googling the business I have not been in
business for like over a decade I'm
still just getting calls from people to
fix their computers in a state I don't
even live in okay that's how good Google
business and Yelp is that if you I I
didn't pay for ads I didn't do anything
I just I just did exactly what I just
told you to do if that's all you do from
this video you're like already ahead of
like 99% of businesses because usually
what has to happen is that Google has to
go find that business so a lot of
businesses they get added to Google
eventually you ever noticed like you're
looking for restaurants and you look
around your area and you're like okay
there's like 50 restaurants on Google or
100 restaurants on Google but then you
drive by a place and it's like Bob's
Chinese food I don't think Bob would be
making Chinese food Bob's Burgers let's
go with that it's actually a good burger
place in Korea you're like okay uh Bob's
Burgers I didn't see that on Google
why not not registered as a business
Google hasn't found it yet right like
99% of the businesses out there just
don't even on Google so if you put
yourself on there you're automatically
when somebody says restaurants near me
which is everybody right or they go on
to Yelp restaurants near me you're on
that list even if you are nobody right
and that comes down
to uh a core concept I honestly forgot
to put down but we need to talk about
which is reviewbased marketing okay so
everything in local marketing is is
based on number of reviews number of
positive reviews they don't have to be
high quality but um they need to be
positive generally you know four five
star reviews you can buy views and
reviews you can do that it's really easy
to do and it is an effective form of
marketing depending on your ethics or
moral compass um may not be good but uh
if you are starting a business and you
and I'm not saying like oh buy like
5,000 there's there's people that do
that but if you buy like 30 to 50
reviews that are generally positive you
know that'll kick start your business
most people I'm not like recommending
that you know but I'm just telling you
like it does work and there's no system
of checking for it really and it's not
like it's not like buying views on
YouTube or like view bed other that
stuff's fine too
um buying views on YouTube for example
get you screwed like mess with the
algorithm never do that type of stuff
but like uh or Instagram or any of those
things like Bing followers stuff like
that but buying reviews in business is
perfectly fine so like started off a
business with like you know go you go a
little bit light I'm going to like buy
20 to 30 positive reviews and kick start
myself and then also I'm going to have
like a marketing program we'll talk
about in a little bit to get you more
legitimate reviews from people okay so
everything is review based volume and
exposure so once you've registered your
businesses here really all that like
you've your volume's done like all you
need to do is just sort of get reviews
so you have to have a good marketing
funnel we're going to talk about that a
little bit later and just then you just
go just go like you're you're good it's
actually crazy okay but you want to do
more you're not done right you like this
is a Devon Nash video and it's only been
10 minutes you need some more stuff
right you need some more value for what
you're doing I got you here's all the
websites that you uh need to register on
as a as a as a business okay so we got
Angie which used to be Angie's List but
now it's just kind of for General uh
General stuff home advisor good for home
related services like computer repair
things like that gen task very good for
like if you're trying to fix stuff or
things like that troller which is all
kinds of stuff bloomchase and Zary
Amazon Home Services this is a sleeper
sleeper P1 you can actually uh register
for Amazon home services and then Amazon
becomes a search engine and with um with
Yelp and with Google oh good lord it is
it is actually insane you I I I'm
telling you like if you just do these
things you'll just be like well I'm busy
like like I'm I'm done like and and the
amount of time like like I think I could
probably start a local business like
generating income within a couple of
days what this this stuff moves fast
right and there's like no verifications
really fast gslist so that just means
you're periodically posting ads talk
local uh some of y'all in Canada have
got some other thing you call it Kuby or
whatever backwards you have up
there uh but your equivalent of craz
would be fine talk local is a very
similar platform to that so if you did
all of these things you're well in your
way and there's more next we're going to
make a Facebook page for your business
why well because Facebook is really
really good for local marketing a lot of
local people go on Facebook and it's
really targeted towards local people so
you want to create a page um you want to
choose your business Style enter all
information contact information page
information links again you want to be
as in depth with this process as you are
with the uh with your Google uh business
process you just you you don't really
want to copy and paste it either because
Google does see that and Google can like
uh crawl other pages and then be like oh
he's like spamming so don't do that like
create a separate identity for Facebook
like you know take the extra hour or two
or whatever it takes to sort of build
that out and create a Facebook page for
your business and then update it like
once in a while like once a week maybe
just like set a time you know reminder
on your your calendar your watch or
whatever and just be like hey this is
like when I'm going to do this okay cool
solid uh I've got that I've got that
down and then enter all the information
and just update your business on what
you're doing post cool pictures do
whatever like things like that um
connect with your friends add your
friends tell them to add people like
that like one of the um everybody
doesn't want to do that at first it's
like oh I'm not going to like annoy all
my contacts like definitely annoy all
your contacts right but like create a
business page offer discounts to your
friends to come in offer uh things like
that offer discounts for services things
like that jump onto other people's
Facebook pages and talk about your
business right like that's like basic
stuff you can play around on
here okay then we're going to talk about
Tik Tok for your local business uh Tik
Tok is this is a a recent thing so so so
this one is not in my purview I did not
have Tik Tok when I was doing a lot of
local marketing I've done a little bit
of Tik Tok for local business since then
just in Consulting and around the
Seattle area I was really impressed with
it um you want to set your account to
Pro and then you want to enter your
business information uh again as as
in-depth as possible and then you're
going to do uh this is a really
important step you're going to turn on
location tagging for every post and uh
we'll talk about this influencer thing
in a
second the idea here is you're just
posting stuff about your business but
because you're location tagging and
because you are strictly staying to that
area of where you like where you do
business Tik Tok learns and then it
starts referring refering on people's
fyps to go to your business and actually
like Tik Tok has become a major way that
people find businesses and restaurants
and stuff like that uh especially the
younger demographic myo Who is younger
than me uses Tik Tok almost exclusively
to find stuff we were like looking for
something to do last weekend and she
like goes on Tik Tok and uses it as a
search engine and she found like a
Christmas Village and and it's just a
person that and like you just your own
stuff and ideally like the coolest part
of your own stuff and let and leave it
out there and like the cool thing about
it is like you don't need to
be a 1 million to two million follower
Tik Tok page like we're talking about a
local business here if you have a
thousand engaged followers who are using
your business on a periodic basis like
you've got a pretty damn good business
so what I like most about this sort of
Facebook page and this soci this form of
social media marketing is you really
don't have to be follower based that
doesn't like really matter strictly so I
I love Tik Tok marketing and then here
is a uh so we were working with a
restaurant in Seattle and we didn't use
Tik Tok for this actually we used
Instagram but Tik Tok you can do the
same thing Instagram's great too though
you go to Tik Tok and Instagram and you
look for local influencers so there will
be people so in Seattle there was just
people that go around Seattle take
pictures of stuff there's actually food
influencers those are the people we used
for our this is a restaurant so um we
were looking for food influencers and we
said hey man um want to come to the
restaurant we'll give you a free meal
all we need is a post and and they got
like 30 I'm talking when I say micro
influencers I'm talking 100 to 300
followers their friends immediate family
people like that but you're looking for
very low numbers 50 followers fine right
like just happy to get a free meal bring
whoever you want as many people as you
want we we'll give you whatever you want
and just try it out and this all we ask
for is a review and a post on your on on
on your on your Instagram or your Tik
Tok that stays there doesn't even have
to be positive whatever you thought of
it great right right uh most people will
go for that you can also offer like
you'll get like you'll get uh people
back they'll be like well actually I'm
I'm an accomplished food reviewer you
see and I need $500 to come to your
establishment yeah those people
don't matter doesn't matter move on the
game of volume there's always more uh
somebody wants like 20 bucks 50 bucks
whatever consider it depends on like how
engaged they are with their followers uh
yeah you could even do this by going to
websites that actually register small
crators so stuff like grin or upfluence
just go look through their list of
creators you can search by locality and
you can look at you can see like all of
the creators that are in the Seattle
area then just literally go to their own
Instagram pages and DM them directly and
 the website super easy to do um
they usually identify people and then by
the way most of those people that are on
those websites are already looking for
sponsorship deals that's why they
registered there so bam easy thing right
you're going to get more paid type of
stuff there right where you have like
hey here's 20 bucks in a free hot meal
sure like yeah not too bad uh we built a
business from having like a trickle of
people into the restaurant this is all
we did like this is all we did and the
Google Business I didn't register
for all this um I register them on
Yelp register them on Google there was
like two people a night coming into the
restaurant to like a sensation line out
the door to this day just by doing local
influencers and we like didn't do that
many um I think at the end of the day
it's probably like 40 or 50 people total
that actually did the activation came in
ate the food posted it up but when you
think about it it's like oh that's like
300 people or 500 people or like 700
people all within the area all of your
all like your respectable demographic
like that adds up pretty crazy and then
all those people are leaving reviews so
now you've added like 50 reviews plus
everybody else that comes in and then
there a couple other marketing
techniques that I'm going to refer to in
a couple minutes and now all of a sudden
like you've got a a thriving business
right and so if you think about that in
terms of like your services uh this
works really well for local for like for
locations anything like location based
you're fixing cars out of a place you're
like you're you're you're a garage
you're a shop or you're like a
restaurant or something like that the
local influencer thing works amazing hey
um I'm I'm a toy store come out here get
any toys you want within reason like
maybe there's a limit you know um but
come out here play with some toys have
some fun um we'll shut down the place
for you we'll play a big board game you
make something up right and then like
just get them to post and get them to
get get like get people going on that
thing right cool um now we're going to
do some key marketing techniques just
some things that I have seen
that like single-handedly transformed
businesses from my experience so this is
the key marketing so the first thing
we're going to do is we're going to use
one: one by J
Abram so the one to one referral by J
Abram J Abram wrote a book called How to
get everything you can out of all you've
got which I think is probably one of the
best marketing books ever written
especially for local businesses one to
one referral is very simple here's the
rule every time you finish a job for
someone you say
hey thank you very much for allowing me
to do the service for you is there one
person you can think of who would also
need this service and can I contact them
and they'll be like oh yeah you know my
brother or like my dad or yeah I've got
a friend who would like like definitely
need this okay and then bam you you you
get great well I'll contact them um get
their
information send them an email give them
a call hey bud John over there I did
some work for him just about a week ago
and he said that you might actually be
in the business for some car services oh
yeah like actually yeah I've been trying
to fix my car forever oh great man let's
schedule something instant warm info bam
this single thing has
transformed business that's it I've even
seen this in like local in digitally
like in content marketing I've seen
people like I've seen people build
entire streams by just being like hey
you guys listening right now you
probably are like oh I follow the stream
I want to help maybe I can't sub what do
I do can you think of one person you
could link this stream to right now that
you think it would be really cool and
then like bam you have like 200 new
people in the Stream like right like
it's a super super powerful marketing
technique very easy to do so one one
referral is unbelievable uh next is the
flyer USPS technique something that is
so busted oh my God so all United States
Postal Services uh if you're not in the
United States I don't know uh you might
have this service you might not you're
not a real country anyway I only concern
myself with Americans bless up okay show
up at a USPS literally any USPS go up to
the front and be like hey what is your
fly advertising program they have one
all of them and what they do is for a
certain amount of money that is
ludicrously cheap like in the hundreds
of dollars you they will they will put a
flyer of your choosing into everybody's
mailbox like they'll just do it and it's
um incredibly dumb how good it is like
they'll just like like there you go and
uh they'll do it in a huge volume and
you can cover your entire area and uh it
it's sents on the dollar it's insanely
effective you'll get calls out the Wazoo
just make sure you have like a good call
to action we got to do another one of
these on like how to build a good fly
but amazing stuff and then other flyer
stuff you can do right door to-door
Apartments parking
lots business
centers fires are great you know destroy
the environment make lots of money
awesome it works like the volume works
you never see firers anymore so like
people are all doing everything kind of
digitally or just really not at all that
just kind of got lazier but flyer is
still effective like still great cool uh
a couple other
notes um these are just like General
things I've got to sort of close out the
video what are we at yeah 20 minutes
this has been 20 minutes of like I I I
promised you like high octane right this
is good uh but we're going to keep
going so other those just things that I
kind of want you to keep in mind that
are also valuable you can run paid ads I
I don't think you need to invest like
much of this like maybe like 10% of your
profit because just even learning the
skill is valuable but running paid ads
just means like okay here's my local
demographic you're going to want to run
these on like Facebook is like the
number one place I'd go Tik Tok for
business is next and then I like might
do I I I might do AdWords but AdWords is
like really good for Ecom and digitally
Facebook and Tik Tok are probably the
Kings to this very low budget just see
what happens AV test kind of learn the
skill take a percentage of your profit
and uh put it into that so that that's
just kind of
consideration you don't need a website
there's a lot of people that they are
never going to start their business
you're going to watch this video and
then you're going to be like oh well I
going to start my local Services
business and then you're going to like
go try to build a website you're going
to try to learn CSS and then you're
going to quit in a week and you're going
to be like back on valerant and be like
what the hell happened like there's just
I've just it helps it's like it's like
obviously like like it's nice to have a
website it's not business to finding the
vast majority of local services and
businesses live on other platforms now
like Google services and Yelp and the
aention stuff that I brought up in this
video you just don't need it it should
be something that's kind of in the last
part of your mind if there's one
psychology I can kind of get in your
head for this is you've got to get to
the point where you are selling
something to someone like fun are being
exchanged in order to complete a service
or product this sounds like really dumb
but I I I just I've done this a lot okay
and the number one thing that I see from
entrepreneurs is they think about
it they like I've seen this a lot with
like Crafts People and artists and
things like that like they think their
product and Service is like not
perfect and so they're just they're just
like make it and making the crafts and
they never actually sell something and
they're like making a website and the
website like two months later they're
still making the website and the website
is beautiful it's like unbelievable the
products are Exquisite they're perfect
they're amazing like someone's making
cookies and the cookies are like the
most perfect like great thing just sell
the thing like like at some like
literally if you have to like go to a
trade show local trade show which you
can register fruit super easily like get
a desk from Home Depot for like
$15 and put it there cover it and then
you have your thing
just just get into the mindset get it no
not even the mindset get it done get it
done where you exchange this for money
even as dumb as it sounds the very first
people that I I was I was so afraid of
this when I started nowadays like I'll
go I'll sell you anything like like you
want this man gallon of devash drinking
water um I don't know I'll sell it to
you yeah whatever we'll come for we'll
come up for a price okay like I'll sell
whatever I don't give a but when
you start it doesn't feel that way it's
daunting to sell to people so what I did
for my computer repair business I fixed
my dad's computer he already knows how
to fix computers he was like really good
at it but my dad I'm lucky enough like
he he identified this he knows that
inertia that you have and then I fixed
my my neighbor's computer and then I
fixed like this Grandma down the street
that I knew pretty well was really
comfortable with and then I realized
like I had them they exchanged money to
me like like your best friend your dad
your girlfriend I don't care who it is
they exchange real money to you and you
you get it in your head you're like oh
wow this service was completed I can do
this and that that counts for so much if
there's anything you're it's not in the
notes here but if there's anything you
want to take away from this video it's
that if you're just getting started man
you make the like sell it sell sell sell
the thing sell the thing really sell the
thing it's it's super important and no
doesn't matter to who it can be like
really corny it can it lit just be like
your dad and he's just like giving you
20 bucks to do the thing and you can
explain to him like Hey I'm trying to
get over the inertia of this I'm it
scares me can we just do this stupid
thing where I do this thing for you and
you give me 20 bucks like yeah sure man
okay great okay 10 bucks whatever okay
do the thing all right um yeah you don't
actually need a website doesn't hurt so
again I just the reason I'm I'm on this
point is because like the place where I
see most of these businesses get stuck
is the website like they they get to the
website and then they're like and then
like I don't see their business start
for like six months in a year and like
the most annoying thing is like I'm
talking to somebody they're like yeah
man I got this hustle I got this going
I'm getting this thing going I I'm I'm
building this website whatever and like
I'll go I'll run into them again like
four or six months later hey man how's
that how's that hustle going oh yeah
dude like it's it's on its way you
know come on man like you know like like
like like just get going okay next um I
would
start email
marketing pretty early so um I even if
you're not going to use
list having one is really beneficial
especially when you've got to kind of
well you got some tougher times you got
to call in you got to you call in some
troops it's just nice to have if you're
a restaurant you're going to be like oh
I'm not like taking like how many
restaurants you to take your email but
just a really simple thing like hey
here's a 10 to 15 discount 10 to 15%
discount which Square will do for you by
the way like almost everybody excepts
Square now in in restaurants you know
those little handheld things where you
just put your card in that'll do it for
you like hey put your email in and get a
discount 10 to 15% on your next visit
right something like super simple just
build a list likewise if you're doing a
service like hey you fix somebody's
house up hey um I'd love to grab your
email and then if I have any offers or
something like that like next time could
be like 20% off or next time I'll do it
for half or next time I'll do it for
free whatever right would love to grab
your email make sure you don't go too
crazy on this because you can end up
doing a lot of free but you know
something reasonable and uh let me grab
your email and then or a lot of times
just asking for somebody's email we'll
do it right like just like like hey by
the way can I grab your email like send
you a couple of updates on things like
if I did a good job you know I'll give
you some I'll let you know when we're
doing some discounts or things like that
yeah great sure like don't be afraid
right just get a whist going and um for
your keep for your first clients like
you know your first like 3050 100
clients just send them a message every
month and uh just just like um sorry I
mean a personal message so your first
like 20 to 30 clients like you send them
a personal message just like hey how's
it going um how how did that work go
need anything else do you know anybody
needs anything else things like that uh
and then once you get up to like that
100 200 300 400 email list that's when
you'll you'll switch over to kind of
sing monthly updates in like uh like on
Constant Contact or like on um on uh
monkey whatever that thing is
whatever sends uh emails you know I
forget what we use it's just leaving my
head I don't think it's monkey it's
something monkey any who okay so so you
start your emails and uh yeah you get
you know your first 30 50 people is like
hey like um how's it going man how's it
going Bob remember when I fixed your
sink I remember and I'm still contacting
you about it got anything else I can fix
no anyone else that needs something
fixed I'm ready Bob email me back thanks
right once a month no problem they'll
get get to you get you more upsells get
you more sales get you more returning
customers increase that LTV lower cost
of marketing
neat talked about it before ask everyone
to leave a review and provide an Inc up
to do so second part is something I
don't see anybody do first part I see
some people do ask an incentive to do so
hey man 15% off your next meal free
appetizer whatever right um a uh an
extra dance when I come in I'll put I'll
bring you a flower for your for for your
girl so you can say you brought them
whatever the right give me a review
um think creatively get reviews you can
also pay for reviews right we we said
that earlier so ask for reviews reviews
are the actual lifeblood of um of this
form of marketing of all local Services
businesses all local product businesses
you need to ask for reviews very very
much so not important in the digital
space right like content creation nobody
cares you can review me all you want I
don't give a uh okay read J Abram
getting everything out of all you can
got that's the whole message just read
it
thanks and then last but certainly not
least listen
up do one thing at a time okay you just
got a plethora of stuff okay you would
have had to pay I don't know how much
money to get this stuff and I don't know
how many courses and this is real stuff
you can do to actually build this
business date you can go you can you can
you can stop this video right now and
you can go do this stuff and you will be
on your way to building a business but
if you do five of these things you will
not do any of these things so decide on
the one right now that is most relevant
to you and then perfect it and get it
done I think the best thing I learned
from this video is I want to do Flyers
I'm going to go to USPS tomorrow and I'm
going to ask about the program I think
the best thing to do is register on
Google and Yelp immediate Med that'll
take me like 10 minutes I'll I'll spend
an extra hour building out like what I
think my business is which is a useful
uh exercise anyway and then uh I'll make
it happen that's what I'm going to do
and then get it done don't do like a
bunch of things dude ADHD and like
attention deficit is like the plague of
our existence now and if you do like a
million things like oh I'm going to go
read the book oh I'm going to go start
an email Market list oh I'm going to go
get a website oh I'm going to go you're
 you're done nope nope no business
no business no money all over you'll
just be the exact same place you are uh
not doing anything so do one thing get
that thing done don't worry about all
the other you got to do just do
that one thing and and by the way if
you're in a business or whatever like
you've got that one thing you know you
need to do just do that one thing and
then allow yourself to retire for the
day you did that thing you push your
business forward in some measurable way
let it go man our entire world is just
constant more more and more get yourself
one marketing project at a time Master
it and you'll be well on your way to
starting a
business that stands the test of time
and that comes back and says Devon Nash
was at least in some way responsible for
making this business happen I'm a
billionaire now I bet that guy could use
a brand new
Lamborghini thanks everybody bye
