hello today's topic is about overworking
but not just overworking we're going to
try to cover some of the important
concepts that i don't think get talked
about a lot around the subject of sort
of hustle and grind culture and also how
to make your hours more effective when
you do work so i apologize for this
setup it's awful i know because i am in
the middle of a move and i just have no
equipment no studio here it's actually
amazing that this stuff works the way
that it does it all but i do have
notepad now so that's what else do we
need in life right so i want to cover um
just a couple of things first and sort
of preface this with the sort of hustle
grind culture kind of talk
um
if you haven't guessed already this talk
is going to be about
how to make hours more effective but
also the amount of hours you you put
into things and and how to make them
count and and why that matters
so i think there's a prevailing idea in
our culture
of
working a lot of hours
and particularly people that kind of get
off on
being like the 60 to 80 hour a week
there's a certain identity that comes
with like i work 60 hours a week or i
work 80 hours a week or whatever i you
know wake up at 5am every day and uh
this was actually the culture that i was
initiated into when i started going into
business i i was like very much watching
every gary vaynerchuk video and like
jocko willink and like you know like get
after it wake up super early and i
adopted this culture actually when i ran
clg
i would wake up like every morning at 6
00 a.m for hot yoga i would start work
at 7 a.m and i would run seven days a
week until like um 2 a.m so i i've
actually lived that life
where i like would work
most of the time during that period of
time i was working though even then i
wasn't like hard at a computer there was
a lot of like travel there's a lot of
stuff around that
but but yeah i i could claim safely that
i worked like 70 or 80 hour weeks right
so
the um i took a lot of lessons from that
and uh i
also sort of now coming out of that
realize
that today where i i might work maybe
six hours a day
probably six days a week
and probably less overall i'm way more
effective and i could have built a
business that was infinitely more
successful than clg i likely will build
a business to simply more successful in
clg based on these principles and i want
to talk about how to do that today so
the the gary vaynerchuk sort of elon
musk types right they'll encourage like
a never off lifestyle and they they
encourage that like most people are soft
which is true most people are not
capable of working hard which is true
and most people just don't put in the
time and they complain about everything
and um instead of getting things done
they basically just complain and that's
why their lives are unsuccessful okay so
i don't disagree with any of that
but what i do disagree with and what i
take issue with is the time that it
takes to get there so people will have
you believe that you need to have some
kind of like 10 hour plus work
um but the core concept around hustle
and grind culture that i want to
emphasize is um is two things so so one
a is if you actually look
at the super successful people
most are not doing this
and number two it is like 1b is like if
um
for most people uh
and their goals
you just don't need to put in 10 12
hours plus
per day
and i'll explain both of these things so
if you look at a lot of successful
people use an example like jack dorsey
right jack dorsey is very deliberate
about how much he works he
takes
half day on friday works monday to
friday never works weekends and he goes
on the pasta meditation retreats for
about a week where he doesn't talk or
answer his cell phone or anything and he
regularly like practices like like like
for his commute he'll purposely take an
extra hour and a half to walk to work
this is a guy that owns square
previously owned twitter right this is a
multi-multi-millionaire
no one would disagree this person is one
of the most successful people in the
world and these are the these are the
kind of people that surprised me when i
started getting into business i ran into
these people
and i expect these like gary
vaynerchuk's i expect people that work
like 60 70 80 hours a week and and
rarely would i ever find them i
generally found like multi
multi-millionaire people i generally
found were working
like an unbelievably small amount i
couldn't believe how little it was um
but generally when they were working
they were working very deliberately so
we're going to talk about that
and that kind of brings me to um what
one c is right which is um
that
it it's really not how hard you work
it's how deliberate you are
and how you choose what to work on
so let's stay um on topic so like 1a
like most people that are actually
really successful are not doing this
it's it's a sort of smaller percentage
of youtubers that are kind of like
bringing up that grind culture and i'll
actually take specific issue with gary
vaynerchuk because i think he's the guy
that sort of uh platformed this this is
a dude that
i i mean by all accounts and purposes
runs a 900 million dollar advertising
agency so
uh but but he's built an entire team
like that agency relies on his content
and and and so
the the you have to understand like the
very
attitude that he has built is baked into
the success of his business like like
the way that people think about his
agency is they go okay i'm gonna go
advertise with gary vaynerchuk because
i've seen his youtube videos i know this
person is like put together so that
whole like hustle grind culture of like
working hard that is his advertising
campaign that's his branding campaign
right that's that's not an actual
one-to-one with how
he expects other people to to work
he'll say these things like i want to
buy a sports team as his ultimate goal
so for that i need to raise billions of
dollars and work that hard
and and i actually think that's true
which brings us to 1b which is like for
most people and their goals you don't
even need to work that hard let's let's
say you want to be a multi-millionaire
right like i'll put it like i put this
on myself right now if you work five
hours a day deliberately five days a
week you do you will become a
multi-millionaire if you're deliberate
enough with the stuff that you're
focused on that might seem unbelievable
but you do not have to work 10 to 15
hours a day to become a
multi-millionaire it's actually not even
preferable you work that that hard i'll
explain what i mean by that a little bit
later
um for most people you don't need to
work that hard here are the people that
need to put in like 12 to 15 hour days
those are multi multi billionaires so
people like elon right elon musk richest
guy in the world running three companies
never ever turns off has a house inside
of his factory that he lives in so he
can wake up and go to work that is a
person who if they work deliberately
that long they will build that kind of
success at that level for the vast
majority of people to attain elon's
status and wealth and that the pressure
and stress would be immeasurable and you
would be unhappy that's not a goal that
most people should strive to be at most
people should strive to live within
their passions and do things they love
and have a very decent amount of wealth
and like like i like to say like let's
all get really rich and let's and let's
do that not once again very wealthy
build wealth get rich not building like
building an empire on
the uh the expectation that we're
working passionately and deliberately
but not like slaving away at the office
missing our families and such
so
um unless you have a goal to become a
multi-billionaire and you've really
thought through that goal and you've
like really like been like okay
this is why i want to do that like i
want to hear world hunger i want to
attack a major disease like bill gates
or something like that
um or or cause one depending on what
kind of conspiracy theorists you are i'm
not i'm just making a joke i i don't
think he caused that in fact i think
he's responsible for a huge number of
the vaccinations and progress we've made
on covet
uh anyway so
you want to attack a major disease you
want to cure like a major problem right
then like that's something that you
might want to address i i believe that's
like elon does what he does right it's
not to make a ton of money he doesn't
really care he's doing it to solve some
of the world's most difficult problems
like uh like consumable energy and such
things like that you might need to put a
lot of time in if you want to solve
world problems at that level um okay so
that's hustle grind culture um
i want to talk a little bit now about
like deliberate practice
because
everything i've set up to this point
is pretty s like okay i get it like
that's that's cool but like what do i do
with that
and
there's a the the big question here
right is okay
if i'm working five hours of deliberate
time
one question is how do i make
that deliberate time
worth it
and then another really legitimate
question is what do i do with the other
21 hours
right do i just play video games or just
hang out or whatever
so um this is where i think the real
value of this video is and and where i
want to
kind of like deep dive so let's start
with um
what i do with those other 24 hours the
21 hours
um
a lot of people that tell you to work
less
are are conveniently not telling you
what to work on outside of that time and
i use the word work deliberately because
i'm there's
many different kinds of work so i think
that some of the most effective uses of
time
uh physical exercise right can take up
one or two hours a day whether this be
walking training some form of weight
training
is something that almost every single
person needs to do or classes yoga
jujitsu which is something i recommend a
lot to people some kind of um let's say
i i'd say physical challenge here and
what i
the profile i want to build for you the
way i want you to start thinking
is that this other 21 hours is going to
challenge you in different ways than
work does but it is going to be as
valuable as actually working it's the
most important thing i'm going to say in
this video so i'll try to say it another
way
there are different kinds of challenges
in life working is just one challenge
and generally working on things that are
valuable means solving problems that
other people are have not solved yet so
for example most of the work that i do
that is deliberate on my actual business
is trying to solve problems in the
agency world that have not been solved
yet like how do we connect brands and
influencers together in an authentic way
it doesn't get everybody screwed over
and
charges people tens of thousands of
dollars that just goes into nothing like
that's an interesting problem that
nobody's really solved especially the
new media space how do we do that those
are the kind of problems i'm solving
there but outside of that work in the 20
hours that i have to do everything else
there are also a lot of really
interesting problems physical problems
like how do i increase my
my personal record on a deadlift from
200 pounds to 220 pounds or 205 pounds
or how do i bench that extra rep or in
jiu jitsu how do i get more concern
consistent with this kamura that i'm
working on or something like that right
some kind of physical technique um this
may also take the form of skills right
where
you could be doing some kind of hobby or
creative work
or content creation or something like
that one of the reasons i do content
creation even though i don't monetarily
need to do it is because i um it
fulfills a lot of other categories of
challenges it challenges me to think
about things in a way that
i know these practices and i know these
things i implement them in my life but i
also have to teach them i also have to
convey them in a way that
communicates to you you need to be able
to walk away from this video getting
something from this and being able to
implement this in your life in some way
so it challenges me to cr to
speak in a way that uh does that which
then improves those skills for other
things and so again i'm trying to paint
this picture that overall these other
challenges that you initiate in your
life that you spend time on are as
difficult as working but also as
important as doing it so that physical
exercise is kind of putting your mind in
order and challenging you to get
some kind of um like like some kind of
like wrap around like what you're doing
and the the skills uh does that on a
mental level so this is also um
meditation
right or
reading
or learning or taking classes
all of these things um
are i would say more important than your
deliberate work and you're gonna think
okay
this is great for somebody that is
running a business
um great devon this is like your third
company you're not like really motivated
by cash
uh like
i am trying to make my ends meet month
to month and i need to make money i
can't spend all my time meditating
reading
and
this is such a hard concept because if i
could go back in time
and i could implement these practices i
would be so much more wealthy than when
i subscribe to grind culture
and so would anybody even if they're
just getting started and it's hard to
describe it's almost spiritual to
describe
what i'm talking about next
this idea that
creating that space through meditation
and reading and skill learning and
physical exercise deliberate
hard things
will increase your wealth it will
increase your ability to generate income
in those hours that you're working it
seems unbelievable i understand the
connection is not there because i spent
years not thinking like that i'm an
infinitely more powerful executive
because i i i implement these practices
rather than actually working more and i
would i would
never
add an extra i never think i wish i
could add an extra hour to my work if i
just cut out my physical activity like i
cannot stress enough how much going to a
consistent yoga practice improves the
the physical way that i make money and
the ability to make money and also just
the opportunity the amount that you're
learning the way that you can apply
those things it doesn't seem like it's
across the board you have to take a leap
of faith you have to trust that
these things are are actually things
that are going to improve your income
generation potential then do them
and then later on that will show up and
and it seems unbelievable but like
because like if someone says if you have
a consistent like what i'm literally
telling you is this without any
exaggeration if you have a consistent
weight training practice you will make
more money but i'm literally i'm
literally saying that and i mean it
because that challenge that uh that
essence that mindset change will infuse
itself into everything else in your life
and if you understand this you
understand one of the most important
shortcuts to success it isn't working
harder everybody always tells you right
work hard or sorry don't work hard work
smart what are they what they actually
mean working smart means that you are
working on multiple things to encompass
yourself as a more holistic person
because a more holistic person solves
problems in a way that a dedicated
person can't do because of that singular
focus
the
innovation and idea creation comes from
the literally the word innovate is to
take an idea and make something better
well one of the main ways that we make
ideas better is we um we take outside
inspirations outside outside muses and
outside influences and we integrate them
into that right how many times have you
seen a product become improved by
another adjacent market these are the
kind of things that you do you get if
you start to deliberately practice these
challenging things outside of the window
of your actual work
okay
so that doesn't mean they're like look
like if you sit in your house and you
just eat doritos drink coca-cola and
play video games all day for 21 hours
and then you work five hours do over
time you're actually still gonna be more
effective than if you were eight or ten
but you won't like be like a totally
successful and
like human being um this is the way to
do that okay so number three is uh like
not really number three but like this
answering this next question is how do i
make that deliberate time worthwhile
how is this something that is actually
going to be um
useful to me
at work okay well the number way number
one way to do this is to ask yourself
one question if you've watched a lot of
devon nash you've you've seen this
question asked before i think it's the
most important question you can um you
can ask yourself which is if i had one
thing to do today
like outside of fear or anxiety about it
i know this
is the most important thing i need to do
what is
that one thing right like and another
way to answer this ask this question is
what is the one thing above all else
that will move
my goals forward if i do this today
so um
by asking myself this question
and then another question which is uh
what is the most important
thing my company can focus on right now
right
all of these
questions are variations on the same
question
the second one is interesting because if
you ask yourself what you can do to move
your goals forward you need to have
goals to move
so
if you are trying to earn income your
goals should be fairly simple at first
right i want to earn a thousand dollars
a month passively i want to earn four
thousand dollars five you know you pick
a number
and then from there you start to branch
out and build the tree of whatever it's
going to take you to do that maybe it's
facebook marketplace maybe it's learning
a skill maybe it's something that you
are trying to upscale like some kind of
consulting business or something like
that
who knows right
but what is the most important thing to
move your goals forward once you
understand those goals you understand
that one thing
it should be something that scares you
that's how you know you're on the right
track there's a book called eat that
frog which is a means do the most
difficult thing
that you have to do the first time in
the day i saved you reading it that's
all that's what the entire book is about
i would i don't care if it's the first
time in the day i don't care if it's
like right when you wake up um i think
the most important thing to do when you
wake up is drink 32 ounces of water and
get sunlight but
whenever that you're going to get that
done in the day you got to make sure
that thing that scares you to do
is um
gonna get done i'll use an example of
live streamers this is one of my
favorite ways to talk about this live
streamers i think are some of the best
people at
wasting time
saying that they're working hard and
then not actually working hard and
actually literally legitimately
believing it so many of the twitch
streamers that i interact with or live
streamers that i interact with they
claim working hours of up to 12 to 14
hours a day and it's true they work that
that hard because they are sitting on
stream playing video games doing
something
none of that time is actually
contributing to the
uh the progress
that they need to actually move their
wives forward and that's because they
didn't ask themselves this question and
they didn't ask themselves about those
goals or they actually just like don't
they actually like don't realize that
it's just sitting and live streaming is
literally not going to produce any
results for you
i use that analogy because this is the
main trap that so many people get into
they think
that
by doing a certain activity
they are progressing but they're
actually not it's just the most
uh it's the most visible in live
streaming
if you go into twitch or you go into
youtube and you scroll by category go
down to like the zero to five viewer
streams you'll see that many of them
have five to six days schedules where
they are online six to seven hours a day
and some of them have been doing it for
like two to three years it's actually
pretty sad uh if you go on to like
reddit like with our twitch you'll see
this all the time where people will be
um like talking about how they've been
broadcasting for three or four years and
they've been doing it at this consistent
schedule and it just doesn't produce
results so the analogy that i i'll use a
tony robbins analogy here if you plant
seeds in the winter it doesn't matter
what you do you could water them all the
time but if you plant them in the hard
snow they will not grow right so the the
environment and the conditions have to
be there for your success so that's why
you have to spend so much time thinking
through what you should actually be
doing and i'm actually going to write
that down
thinking about what you
should be doing
with your work time
which is journaling right or
introspection
or whatever
if any of those
live broadcasters realized that they
were planting those seeds in the winter
they would be making youtube videos they
would be syndicating content on tick
tock they'd be writing articles they'd
be doing literally anything else
and
a lot of you that are watching this
video
you're going to have some amount of
hours that you kind of need to i'd say
punch in right so and i have that too
like there's just some hours i've got to
spend reading contracts there's some
hours i've got to spend um
writing sops i just like writing
proposals evaluating proposals that's a
big part of my day that like i can't get
i can't like leave right there's gonna
be some amount of that time that's there
for you to do that
fine right but make sure the time that
you spend actually progressing something
forward is going to be really valuable
and really impactful outside of that
whatever you have to do so if you're
working
six to seven hours a day at a job that
is paying your wage to survive just make
sure that you get like two or three
hours on the upside of that after that
that's going to progress
to your thing and and before you know it
you'll be in a position where
you don't have to work that six to eight
hours on that wage and you are moving
things forward so so um spending a lot
of time to think about what you're doing
with your work um everyone should be
kind of like journaling and again using
the analogy of the of the live streamer
if they were journaling the actual
results they and looking at their stats
they'd see like okay well i streamed six
hours a day i gained seven new followers
well you could have made like a tw a
twitter post that was like a long form
thread that got you 50 to 100 followers
and you would have been more effective
than that and the total time it would
have taken you is maybe less than an
hour
to like really say something impactful
and think it through or just echo it
from a blog post or a successful reddit
post you saw so much stuff you could
just repost or syndicate
so this this modality of thinking
throws you away from the grind culture
and and puts you in this um this
modality of um
okay i'm trying to make my time
deliberate and i'm thinking a lot about
what i should be doing and a lot of
times in my off time if i you know i'm
waiting for a plane i'm in line
somewhere or i'm just sitting eating
dinner i'll be thinking about how that
time is going to be affected when i do
spend it which is great because i'm you
can't think that way if you are actually
in that time so
there's uh if if you're spending a lot
of time like you're you're giving a lot
of time
to
like some kind of deliberate work that
you have to do for now you know you can
be spending that time when you have a
free moment journaling or thinking
through
how to accomplish these other things um
i like
if there's kind of some like takeaways
because i i need to actually go here
soon so i have to wrap this up
if there's some takeaways that
i want to convey
you don't actually need to do like
everything on this list to become a
highly successful person
for most people if they just implement
like read i'd say like out of this list
read one book a month that's non-fiction
and progressive meditate every day for
five minutes and work out an hour and
your life will probably improve by 50
if you do that every single day
it's hard to believe again because i
like the the thing i want to convey here
is like making the connection between
doing productive activities that are
outside of the work of what we would
normally consider productive
most of society is um encouraging you to
work as hard as possible
they they make you do that because um
you know we need cogs in the machine to
uh
be doing things as many hours as
possible in order to like progress
society and and make the and work on
industry but if you look at the most
successful people in the world they're
not doing that the most successful
people in the world are are thinking
very creatively and then their entire
world is balanced around designed around
the modality of giving them permission
to think in that way um so for example
in like esports pros for example you
might think that like all they do is
like practice but they don't like like
um a lot of the esports people these
days
the top people that play like league of
legends or cs go typically practice i
would say four to six hours a day so
along the lines of what i'm saying and
then the the key to their life is that
everything else is solved for them they
never have to worry about food they have
physical therapists they have actual
therapists they're thinking through
their mental issues as many barriers as
possible to them focusing on their thing
and becoming successful um are are are
being solved for them look at all pro
athletes pro nba players pro nfl players
pro soccer players those people have the
same thing if you go into their team
structure you'll see that that athlete
is designed to do one thing they're
designed to be an athlete same with the
ufc same with fighters goes on and on
and on right
that that athlete is designed is is at
their core to focus on being the best
possible athlete ever and that is not
that many hours a day right you can't
train
weightlifting five six hours a day
you'll die right so they're really
training that fighting deliberately for
like maybe 30 minutes to an hour a day
that everything else is super deliberate
the nutrition the way they they rest the
way they recover the way they meditate
the way they think about fighting the
way they watch tape right all that stuff
is is locked into place so that their
deliberate thing is going to be the most
effective possible that is the modality
that you need to follow to actually get
successful you have to you have to do
that same thing so focus your life on
building
that time out that you're going to use
to be deliberate in your progress for
your income and work goals
make that as effective as possible
through
the techniques
here in this video and the other ones
that you find from successful people
listening to podcasts like joe rogan who
just had a fantastic podcast with ryan
holiday that came out
i would recommend or tim ferriss where
you you you take the practices
that are a really common sense to
building a successful life
and you implement those beside your
deliberate work so that your deliberate
work becomes infinitely more effective
and your thinking should always be
to become more effective instead of just
adding and piling more on
okay so thank you for coming out for
this i hope this was helpful leave a
comment if it was again sorry for the
production quality and the stuff set up
that'll be uh hopefully fixed someday
when i get all my stuff which is still
somewhere in the united states but it's
not here okay thank you everybody thank
you so much for supporting this bye
