do you want an easy effective way to
advertise and explain to your clients
exactly what your products and services
are well today that is exactly what we
are talking about we are talking about a
way to easily inform and price your
services so that your client instantly
understands what you're offering and how
much it costs and will be easier to
convert as a result of that
this is an Infamous Devon Nash method
called the Chinese menu alright so how
many times have you been at a restaurant
and they have a family package basically
there is like a family for two family
for four family for six with different
reasonable pricing that combines their
product offerings and is just simple to
choose from okay there's for four people
I've got four people in my party here's
an easy thing to order bam 69.99 that
gets this is all my stuff I don't gotta
like figure out all these entrees for
everybody figure out what everybody's
custom needs are I just dial that in bam
I'm gonna order this and people go great
okay thumbs up easy for the restaurants
I understand because they can they can
put it on one end and then they can just
cook it up easy for you to understand
that is the basis of the Chinese menu
here is how it works you've got three
tiers tier number one is going to be low
tier tier number two is going to be mid
tier and tier number three is going to
be moonshots here
and your goal is to describe as basic
and as simple as possible within each
tier what your offerings are as a
product or service okay and you are
going to put this into a neat little
Google doc and then later as your
business grows you're going to put it
into a uh graphic of some kind to
explain to people okay so we're going to
start with each thing so each one of
these is going to have like little
bullet points that are just going to
kind of describe what is offered at this
tier and you can do this for literally
any product so let's say that we are
activating like an influencer activation
because a lot of y'all are creators
okay so at this tier you'll do like
we'll do like twitch or YouTube or
YouTube examples because more people
familiar with that
so at this tier you'll do like a 15
second call out okay at this tier you'll
do the 15 second call out but you'll
also do a
um 30 second mid-roll video ad read uh
at this tier you'll do like both of
these ones right but you'll also do a
custom video
just made for X right
um Okay can be whatever you want now
pricing wise you're gonna price this low
but the offer is going to be
not great
so the things you put here are not going
to be really what a person wants okay
you're gonna do that because you don't
want people to take to your one you
don't want people to take the lowest
amount of money so you can make this
well priced and the psychology here in a
marketing sense is this makes your other
core offerings better okay so your low
tier
objective is to a make the other tiers
attractive
B
um not have somebody select it
by creating a lesser offer than the
other two
and C exist as a foundation for people
to choose who don't have a lot of
funding
uh but you still want their business
let's talk about the mid tier mids here
is your core is this is your core
objective okay core objective you want
people to choose this
fair price and fair offering
and this has a combination of your best
services and pricing okay and you're
like at like everything you basically do
should be in here all right moonshots
here
you are not expecting people to take
this deal
if they do though you are offering them
a unique High Time investment
service
should be insanely high priced okay so
people often have a low mid and high
tier but when I say moonshot I mean this
is like if these two are like for
example when we have moonshot tiers this
one might be fifty thousand dollars this
one might be 150 000 and the moonshot
tier will be like 1.5 to 2 million
dollars just to give you an idea of like
in our agency the range that I'm talking
about here right so I'm not talking
about like a 20 increase I'm talking
about like a 52 to 100 increase and the
idea here is that you are not going to
be frustrated if people don't take on
the moonshot tier it's fine right like
you don't want everybody falling into
this tier it's only the people that have
the budget and are really going to go
for the custom offering people will look
at the moonshot tier and they'll be like
oh this person offers a super cool
competitive service and obviously does
really high quality stuff if I just like
I don't really like this low tier
package because it's like it's like
there's not like that great stuff in it
this core objective basically is like
what I want and they'll end up on here
95 of the time so that's what you want
right you want both of the tier three
and tier one kind of just feeding into
the tier two to get people on the core
objective now remember the overarching
goal here is to get people to easily
understand your product and your
offering and your prices because usually
if there is a service
conversation here's how it goes let's
say I'm talking to a graphics designer
all right GD hi me hi GD I want to do
some graphics for you okay me okay what
are your prices
now here's the mistake right well I
usually discuss that per job depends on
XYZ
my grandma said once that I should
charge a thousand dollar
nine two three okay I mean I don't care
okay I don't have time to understand
this goodbye all right that is 99 of
your conversations in the service
industry because you are not doing the
work you are expecting the client to do
the work and to price your service I
cannot tell you how many times I have
had this exact conversation what ends up
happening is this is why it happens okay
the service provider is actually not
confident enough and hasn't spent the
time to really think through what their
core product should be and so the best
graphic designer is going to be a guy
that that this exact conversation
happens
and now we're here and they say okay
cool here's an easy infographic that I
designed so you can see my work
um of three possibilities of tears right
possibility one is like two Graphics
designed for thirty dollars this is one
custom art for this doll right and
here's my portfolio uh for reference
okay so in this second example this
person is putting taking all the
decision making off of me nothing that
you sell me and nothing that I sell you
is going to be more valuable than time
time is it so you want to take time and
decision making away from the customer
and you want to say here are the easy
ways that we can communicate and the
products that we can offer and you might
say okay well Devin what about when I
want to do like custom stuff well okay
put that in a moonshot tier or off to
the side asterisks available for custom
stuff
um this is the base price right it's
gonna be it's gonna cost higher than
these two tiers so people don't take it
often and it and then we'll have like a
custom conversation right you want this
is this is to take the work off of me so
take the work off of me the client I
don't want to figure out your graphic
design business for yourself and I
certainly don't want to start a
negotiation by going in and trying to
figure out what your prices ought be
that is a mess because then I'm like I
don't know 50 super uncomfortable you'll
lose like almost 100 of your customers
doing this so go back to the tiers and
have a simple offering for them to price
right you can always raise these prices
later you can always you can always
change them you're in charge of the
business that's great so you can always
change them from different clients so
you can start very low for example and
then as your demand increases you can
keep raising these prices so if you're
doing something like Consulting maybe
you start at a lower tier which is just
I look at your business and I design I
write up a document of some of the core
changes that you should make key changes
are like three to five things and then
recall good you pay me my money we're
good tier two is a mid-tier call I I get
on for an hour and I talk about your
problems we've done some research
beforehand we give you some other
deliverables maybe tier three for the
moonshot is like we you do a custom
mentorship session with me for a month
it's a flat rate of like 10K
um you come in I do X number of calls
with you I do X number of reports we
track X number y number of kpis right
like that kind of thing okay and that's
your tier list right so that that means
so then when somebody approaches you for
Consulting like this is it right
um if you notice like you look at me
that I do Consulting I have a very
simple tier list that
um gets uh that done I don't think I
have this on hand
but if you look at my Consulting it's a
super easy package it's just here's what
it is this is the this is how you choose
and this is the communication I never
put that on my client okay so if you are
armed with this knowledge this should
help you build out a um a set of core
product offerings and more importantly
it also helps you understand your
offering and service and what you can
offer
cool let me know if you have any
questions it's that simple that is how
to do the Devon Nash Chinese menu thank
you for your time
