so a regular topic on this channel is
marketing and business and how to
optimize your business but today we are
going to be talking about my other
Obsession which is how to optimize your
life I'm going to go through everything
that I do currently to optimize my life
Health Nutrition exercise sleeping all
that jazz I've spent well over $100,000
in concierge medicine research
Specialists to figure this stuff out so
I think it will be of help to you in at
least some Arena of your life just to
kind of break down and explain all of
this uh I I view myself as extremely
healthy I'm the health one of the
healthiest people I know I think out of
a lot of peers and I think it would
surprise a lot of people if they knew
how old I was so I think some of this
should be quite helpful and might help
you get towards your goals here so here
we go uh this comes at a time where
we're doing quite a bit of research at
Novo on marketing business related stuff
so that stuff will be out later and
we'll be able to provide that on the
YouTube and the patreon but for now this
will be really help F so we're going to
start with sleep which is really easy to
go over um that's going to be just a
we're get way more grandular later but
that's just eight hours I just don't
negotiate on that and I also track with
a Fitbit uh it's just a it's a watch you
can wear that tracks your uh heart rate
variability which uh and also your sleep
interruptions so I do the really obvious
stuff here which is uh earplugs slash
like no phone no interruptions
and I just look to close my doors sleep
in a pretty cool room if you can afford
it eight sleep is a great resource to
regulate your temperature the Sleep pads
they
have but just this is just pretty much
enough I I just don't negotiate with
this when I wake up in the morning um a
lot of people ask me about like morning
routines or things that I do and I used
to have like a crazy morning routine
that would like last me like an hour and
a half now um I just read I I kind of
have a couple of rules so I I usually
read Marcus aurelus he has a a book not
a book really it's a journal called
meditations or uh senica's writings from
penguin Classics I'll just read that for
five or 10 minutes I used to scroll on
my phone and I would like scroll on X
and I would immediately get depressed
and so I avoid social media totally like
especially like right in the morning I
think this is one of the most critical
things you can do is you just wake up
and just spend 5 to 10 minutes reading
something empowering like something that
you could go over a lot um there's a lot
of good resources to this like uh kahil
gabon's like the prophet or any like
book that just has wisdom in it so I use
I'll do like sometimes I'll do sidartha
by Herman Hess but it'll be one of these
books like lately it's I say senica and
Marcus Rel because I've been in that
kind of mode but it's something to just
get a little bit of like wisdom about
life and sort of set yourself up for a
few minutes I'll just do that right out
of bed when I'm kind of waking up and
then everything else just go cook
breakfast and go to work I'm not going
to do any kind of like meditation or
like big amount of exercise or anything
I want to go get the important stuff
done that I can get
done and that's sleep and waking up
we'll go on to nutrition which I I think
is going to be pretty important so for
for nutrition I'll do I I like to keep
my
meals very similar and that way I don't
mess up for breakfast I'll do one of two
breakfasts I'll do either four or five
eggs with three cups of spinach and a
bowl of assorted fuit or more often than
not like way more often I'll do like one
pound of lean turkey like 97 3% with
spinach and a bowl of a sorted berries
I'm generally looking for 200 grams of
protein a day we'll get on to why uh in
the exercise session but I'm going very
low carbohydrates I only get
carbohydrates and sugar from fruit and a
little bit from vegetables and that and
really really high protein uh low
saturated fat for lunch usually nothing
but if I am going to have lunch at all
I'll do a protein bar from Costco the
Kirkland protein bars are really healthy
for you and a sorted nuts also from
Costco and just very very little uh
usually less than 400 calories for lunch
and um that's it and often times I don't
eat it for dinner I'll do one pound of
lean meat that will almost always be
venison or chicken sometimes ground pork
and then I'll have I'll just uh get
carrots and broccoli cauliflower rice
all from Trader Joe's I get all this
from Whole Foods and then I just put
those together and I have vegetables and
my meat so that brings me up to 2 pounds
of meat so that easily gets you to like
180 190 grams of protein a lot of people
supplement protein shakes and all this
all this Jazz that's fine uh for protein
shakes I use Garden of
Life and I use for sigmatic which uh it
has mushroom adaptogens which are
supposedly good for cognitive benefit I
don't notice anything go over
supplements a little bit later but uh
whatever I'll use those if I can't get
these meals in like I'm traveling or
something like that but other than that
I don't worry about it just manage to
get my protein from food I feel
incredible eating this way a lot of
people are like how can you eat like 2
pounds of meat a day it's it's it's
really easy once you get used to it and
the protein is insane it's incredible
for Recovery because of the amount of
protein you have and the lack of
carbohydrates and sugar you feel
incredible all the time I have no breaks
in my energy or cognition throughout the
entire day like basically from the
moment I wake up to the moment I go to
bed I I'm super jazzed and I'm
completely locked in I I don't ever have
slow days this is not how it used to be
like what for years and years and years
I would have brain fog I would have um
like times where I couldn't focus I'd
have to take really long naps even if I
slept eight hours a day so cutting that
sugar and carbohydrates out of my
nutrition has been a really big
Improvement to that and and and and
that's basically the biggest Improvement
to
it
um and yeah that's basically what I eat
um occasionally I'll go out if I go out
you know I'll just try to keep to these
macros as much as I can um I'm generally
trying to think in my head that's like
okay I'm going to try to get like around
2 pounds of lean meat and I I also try
to avoid like there's a lot of studies
on red meat being quite bad for you my
opinion on that is that most of those
studies are collaborated towards like
processed meats or like Meats with a lot
of nitrates or uh my my experience has
been and bi experience been like a lot
of the research that I've
read more focuses more on like if you're
focus on like lean organ meats or red
meats so like things like venison or elk
or uh even even like lean cuts of um
ground beef and things like that I I
don't think you run into those problems
it seems like a lot of those problems
with like insulin resistance and
diabetes come up from a lot of saturated
fat so I've tried to cut some of that
out of my diet for that reason um I I
have I have these
rules so I don't do any cheat days
whatsoever a lot of people are like oh
what about cheat days like guess like
should you eat as much as you want like
I just don't bother I I'm
I guess I should have said this in the
beginning but the reason I'm doing all
this stuff is to not die I I don't and
also to not suffer while I'm alive I
think that's another thing that people
don't realize that they generally think
of like okay well I'll go for health
because I want to feel better or not die
but it's also like you don't want to
suffer in your day-to-day if you've ever
met somebody with diabetes type two or
you've met somebody with severe
hypertension or aosc oros or any number
of these things that plague people as a
result of poor health uh chronic pain
there's so many things that just suck
about living if you are really unhealthy
and I just try to avoid those things if
at all possible that is my motivation
for not eating like crazy doesn't mean
like I won't have something like I don't
know every couple of months if I'm out
with somebody or whatever I might have
an ice cream or something like that it's
really rare I I so I don't need to
regulate it but I never have any kind of
cheap days like certainly not like once
a week or anything like that like I'm
always eating for uh the the best health
I possibly can and my motivation is not
suffering sugar is uh totally out I
don't eat any sugar or processed foods
no fast food ever literally never and no
drinks whatsoever besides water and tea
uh also for cooking I'll cook with a lot
of olive oil predominantly uh avocado
oil has a higher temperature and uh and
butter so and that'll be like I'll cook
with like some butter not like a crazy
amount you know and uh no seed oils
whatsoever no vegetable oils there just
been so much research that shows that
those are really bad it's one of the
best things you can do is cut seed all
out um obviously no soda people that
drink soda like crazy uh no sugar drinks
no nothing like that generally I try to
sit below 25 gram of sugar a day uh the
RDA is 50 but I I just don't think it's
productive to have at all it's just
extra calories so I usually end up at
about 3100 to 3200 calories a day my TDE
which is like the amount of energy that
I'm burning every day is around 3500 to
3700 because you'll see from my exercise
why that is so I'm usually operating a
choric deficit of like two to three 100
most of the time and I don't notice that
I don't feel less energy because I'm I'm
eating so much meat so so I don't it's
just so much protein so I don't have any
kind of loss of energy or anything like
that and also that chloric deficit isn't
severe a lot of people that are trying
to diet they'll they'll like Drop like
700 800 calories a day you just be
miserable you have no energy and then
you'll quit after like two weeks this
has been sustainable for me for months
if not years at this point I changed up
a little bit but the uh the theme of it
is to live well but also drop weight
over time and and often times I'll have
to add back in if I'm uh with with in
exercise if you're bulking up and you're
trying to gain some mass in order to cut
later and maintain some of your muscle
mass I'll add protein bars I'll add
shakes I'll add nuts and stuff like that
and I'll try to bring that number up to
like 3500 3700 above my TDE which is
pretty easy to do okay so I think that's
everything in nutrition nutition um
we'll go on to supplements because a lot
of people love this uh I'll give the if
you've followed any kind of
self-improvement stuff supplementation
is like the first thing that people go
to it's pretty much worthless if you're
not following good exercise or good
nutrition supplements are a force
multiplier on top of those things and if
you don't do them I I wouldn't bother at
all with most of these supplements we're
going to go through there's two I think
that are an exception um okay so the
first one is I do five grams of creatine
monohydrate creatine is the most
researched supplement in the world I
will link in this post the supplements
that I use uh I I try to go for lab
tested and really reliable uh Optimum
Nutrition is the brand that I use for
creatine you can take it in pill form or
powder form I like pills most people
don't I just like to take pills be done
with it take 5 grams of creatine uh
before workouts every single day this is
massive for cognition massive for muscle
growth and sustaining muscle it's just
been uh I think everybody should take
creatine it's an it's an awesome uh
super awesome supplement I also take
5,000 IU of vitamin
D3 uh this is above what most doctors
will consider to be good it's not it's
it's like not unsafe believe the RDA
like the max maximum dosage for vitamin
D3 is somewhere around like 10 15,000
per day but still 5,000 is quite a bit
because it accumulates in the blood so
you want to watch this number if you
taking most people are deficient in
vitamin D3 and don't get enough sunlight
myself included even though I walk
10,000 steps a day um which I should add
in my exercise section uh hold on one
sec because that's that's later I'll
explain
that I don't get enough sunlight so I
supplement quite a bit and because I
blood test every 3 months I know what
this level is if you don't blood test
that much then you may be overdoing it
on vitamin D3 so you might want to stay
to like 1,000 to 2,000 IU uh just to be
safe and not stack up a bunch in your
blood which can cause a lot of nausea
and uh dizziness and headaches and stuff
and bad stuff so uh a vitamin D3 is an
essential a vitamin it acts more like a
hormone than it does a vitamin it's
super important for um everything but
particularly affects the immune
system I also take 500 milligrams of
magnesium threonate there's a lot of
different types of magnesium this one
passes the blood brain barrier and is
for sleep and cognitive function uh I
take this quite a uh quite a bit for
just better sleep and for more
consistency and also because um despite
eating even though I eat a lot of really
good stuff I'm I'm I'm magnesium
deficient again a blood test reveal that
so so these this the Magnesium Tate
isn't for everyone that's just a
particular prescription for me me but
magnesium is helpful most people are
deficient something like 70 80% of
America is deficient I take four gr of
fish oil uh from Nordic Naturals two
grams of that is EPA which is generally
considered to be for heart health two
grams of that is for DHA which is
generally considered to be for cond
function and uh reducing chances of
things like neurod degenerative disease
stuff like Alzheimer's and things like
that I take more fish than most people
do uh and it's above the RDA uh this can
be a little
bit problematic for some people because
you it can thin your blood
uh so you want to be careful if you're
taking fish oil this amount and just
make sure that everything else is good
but this does help focus and also
there's a lot of new research coming out
about how fish oil can help people focus
and it reduces the behavior of the the
the erratic behavior of people with
ADHD and I found my focus went way up
when I started taking this much fish oil
so my brand for this is Nordic Naturals
my brand for magnesium alaninate is
um double wood
supplements and they're on Amazon again
I'll link all the stuff in the in the
post and that's it that's all I take for
supplements a lot of people take a lot
more I if I do start a new supplement
I'll log the results for a month and
I'll just write down what I feel like is
happening just found like 99% of
supplements just don't do anything and
so either that or they have side effects
I don't want but most of them just don't
do anything so I stay to real well
research stuff my supplements are listed
is very small and I try to get
everything I possibly can from nutrition
now I also do pretty extensive blood
tests which you'll see later so if I am
deficient in something like vitamin B12
or something weird um I'll pick on I'll
pick up a supplement for
that but uh yeah generally I don't worry
about that uh a couple other things just
these are not really supplements but
just other things I try to do I drink a
gallon of water a day it's really easy
for me to do I actually just have one of
these from Whole Foods it's a spring
water it's really cheap these are like a
dollar so this just keeps my head around
it I I I buy one of these every day so I
buy packs of them which are even cheaper
then so it's like 90 or 80 cents for
this this is really good spring water in
BPA free plastic so I just drink this
and then that helps me track it and then
I'm done you could use like a water
bottle or whatever this is just the way
that I do it I have two to three cups of
green tea per day and no more otherwise
I have stomach issues and and green tea
I've talked about it a lot just has a
lot of like really great health benefits
um but I'll usually only have like two
or three cups a gallon of water per day
at least usually I'll have a lot more
like 1.5
sometimes okay so those are
supplements uh let's go to exercise so
exercise I think is the most important
part of this
list and if you've if you're still
listenting you've gotten this far then
the reason I didn't put extra exercise
in front is I just don't think most
people are capable of following a
consistent routine and understand why
it's important the goals that people
have around exercise are really stupid
they're like I want to become super
stronger jacked so all the girls are
guys like me I want like I want better
Aesthetics or whatever like [ __ ] all
that [ __ ] like you want to and also like
like also screw being like the strongest
person in the world and deadlifting like
500 lbs all that stuff in my opinion you
should exercise because you want to be
you want to you want to feel like
Superman you want to feel awesome in
your body all the time and you want to
be capable of things that most people
would only dream of so for that you need
a balanced exercise routine and I've
spent a lot of time thinking about this
you need to be both flexible but you
also have to be strong you need to be
fast but you also have to be um uh
sturdy you have to be you have to be
powerful you have to have good Force
prod projection and manipulation but you
also have to be agile so how do you
combine all these things what do you do
and and I've built my routine to uh to
be this way so I can I can be that the
first thing I do as a basis is I walk 10
to 15,000 steps a day I do that because
I I have a car but I don't use it I just
walk to work I've set up my whole life
so that most of the stuff around me is
nearby uh I can walk to my Jiu-Jitsu gym
I can walk to my work I can walk to this
grocery store and I'll walk back with
the bags so and then I also just walk if
I don't get enough steps I'll just go
for a walk and listen to a podcast or
something so the basis of of every day
is 10 to 15, steps I rarely miss this um
another really good trick that I do for
this is I Pace while during rest periods
at
weightlifting and I will pick up like
four or 5,000 extra steps just doing
that for like the hour and a half that
I'm
weightlifting let's talk about
weightlifting I have a pull push
alternating schedule I tend to try to
pull more than I push so Monday
Wednesday Friday is when I lift and I
will do PLL push poll um some people are
like oh why aren't you lifting on like
five five five days a week or PPL or
whatever again my goal is to be all
cause healthy once you see kind of
everything come together uh but I am
strong I'm I'm strong I have a four I
have above a four-play deadlift um I can
I can bench more than the average person
there there's a I'm above every strength
standard and I'm still growing but the
found foundation for me of Fitness is
strength so all of my focus goes into
these days of lifting and then
everything else is kind of supplemental
I warm up with kettle bells I use a 50
PB kettle bell and I do three sets of 50
swings each uh I do a bar hang this is
for my pulls where I'll do five sets to
failure I'm trying right now to get up
to a minute so five sets of one minute
usually or like 40 seconds 50 seconds
just hanging on a
bar really good for your shoulders
really good for your track CS really
good for your for your core uh then I do
a deadlift which is my main lift for
that day uh I do chin-ups uh lat DBS for
back support uh that's that's a row like
lat row and then I do farmers walks um
which are farmers walks are awesome so
only have one like one serious compound
lift here but this entire workout is
just about the deadlifts I just love
deadlifting so that's what I do uh for
the push workout I'll do kettle bells
again the three 3x 50 so three sets of
that I'll do overhead press which is
five sets to failure I'll do a bench
press five set a failure I'll usually do
three sets of squats you're going see a
lot of compound lifts on this day but
I'll usually only do this once a week
and I'll go pretty heavy on these days
uh and then I'll do dumbbell presses
which are just the like that and then
the triceps extensions Skull Crushers
also called like that you can Google all
these and then again Farmers walks um at
the end for uh overall strength carrying
stuff these are just like Farmers walks
if you can carry 70 80 pounds on each
hand walk around some people can carry
100 150 uh even more you can B you're
basically overqualified to live life
right try to do things that are similar
to movements and things I'm going to
have to be doing in real life
deadlifting is great because I have to
pick a lot of stuff off the ground if
I'm moving things or um I'm just like
lifting stuff all the time you just lift
stuff in your daily life kettal lels are
great because it gives you a lot of
Mobility gives you a lot of overall
strength a lot of core strength and um
all of these exercises are again like if
I wanted a serious powerlifting routine
like grayscale LP or 5x5 or something
like that or even like even more I would
be doing way more compound lifts and way
more accessories and things like this my
goal is to be strong in life and that is
why I have this routine so that brings
us to the the daily um as I said Monday
Wednesday Friday I do my lifting routine
on Tuesdays I do a three mile run at
night and uh usually I do jiujitsu class
so that that jistic class is usually at
lunchtime or in the evening uh before my
run and so I'll kind of like cool down
from three mile run on in Jiu-Jitsu the
the the re the reason I run uh two times
a week I try to get six to nine miles a
week is because of a stat called V2 Max
which is your ability to like push air
through your lungs your V2 Max is one of
the biggest indicators of your survival
rate and how healthy you are so I try to
keep my cardio up uh through that
running also the the 6 to9 miles is not
enough to really affect my strength
especially my strength gains espe
with how I'm eating so um Thursday I is
my yoga class I will do yoga and
Jiu-Jitsu usually um it's just an hour
of hot viasa yoga and also on Saturday
I'll either that will be a rest day if
I'm feeling pretty bad or I'm just like
I've just was tired like maybe I didn't
get all of my like if you want to
exercise like this you have to have kind
of everything in lock so sometimes my
sleep schedule will not be as good or
you know I'll be stressed or something
I'll have to take a rest day if that's
the case if I'm feeling really good
though I just do a three mile run and
then Sunday is hot Vasa yoga again a
1hour class at 112 degrees um I think
that the biggest Force multiplier for
overall health is probably yoga for me
if you can get into hot yoga they don't
have it everywhere but if you can do it
um it's amazing the sauna is probably a
second best if you can do like some
stretching or kind of sit in a sauna on
a regular basis there's a great doctor
named Ronda who has a lot of social
media about how beneficial saas are and
it is it is just killer you feel like a
god uh if by doing by doing anything
related to just heat it's heat exposure
is amazing for you uh cleans out your
whole body the flexibility is here this
is really the basis of my strength uh is
is my yoga classes I find you have to do
about two a week to like really grow and
these are tough classes like there's
there's a lot of sun salutations there's
a lot of balancing there's like one leg
splits things like that so it is tough
you have to work your way up to it uh
but I I really try to challenge myself
in those hot class hot yoga classes and
they are amazing for your health amazing
there're that's but the foundation of
like of of my life is the strength and
then from there um the yoga
is what I do to kind of bring everything
together j- Jets is just fun you know
there's not uh much to it I I I don't
know how much it really impacts My
overall like Health if anything it
probably
it slows it down these are the
accessories I'll do uh just every once
in a while every here and there you know
when I have a free moment or something
just mostly calisthenic stuff that you
can kind of go
through okay um let's go to blood tests
and then we'll go to conclusions so for
blood tests every three months I will
take a blood test I use Quest
Diagnostics or uh Lab Core which are the
two that are near me in my area and uh I
I'm just getting one tomorrow as the
time of this recording so I just copied
and pasted what I'm getting from it for
you now this is going to be something
that is highly highly personal you will
generally need a physician's assistance
for this unless you know a lot about
blood for whatever reason uh I custom
order mine uh but I've done thousands of
hours of research literally thousands of
hours of research on this and I and one
of my first jobs was was for a um
analytics company for blood and
so I've I've really really studied this
stuff because I think it's I think what
the foundation of like what you have
going on in your blood is um a real big
part of what your uh your overall health
what can you can be told about your
overall health it's it's basically a map
of your health okay so I get um a lipid
panel which is like LDL HDL cholesterol
tgis stuff like that um it's going to
kind of tell you like where you're at uh
in terms of your like total cholesterol
um I'm I actually to say that most most
of this stuff for me my two big concerns
are diabetes and any kind of atheos
sclerosis it's just my age group is I'm
scared of heart attacks and I'm scared
of diabetes so most of this is or I'm
not like I'm like not as scared about
cancer um there's not as much that I can
do about that if I get hit by something
it's going to show up in the in the
blood work a little bit most likely
though but I also um get scans and I
also um am like not opposed to like a
colonoscopy which I I'll need pretty
soon and stuff like that so do
everything I can for that colonoscopy is
pretty important if you're a guy
listening to this one in 25 people will
get colon cancer uh so if you're near if
you're like 38 to 40 years old you want
to try to get one of those if you can
lipid panel is just going to tell me
where I'm at in terms of my cholesterol
and uh it's going to give me some good
indicators of where I am my heart health
is at uh a CMP or comprehensive
metabolic panel is just going to give
you everything related to like your um
your your kidneys like everything
related to like how your metabolism is
your your energy levels your creatin
levels creatinine level excuse me um
just give you a good idea of that you
probably need a doctor to go through
that or you can look at my patreon video
on it where I go through blood analysis
and do a little bit of it but you really
need a doctor for this kind of stuff if
you don't like really know it a CBC is
called a complete blood count and will
have like your uh just your platet
levels your white blood cell count it's
going to tell you if you have some kind
of ongoing infection or problem and a
doctor will be able to see if there's
something really wrong with you
hemoglobin A1c is just an indicator for
diabetes if it's quite high you're kind
of worried about that lipoprotein a is
the same thing test testosterone is a a
exclusively male thing I'm concerned
about my total and free testosterone so
I do a full testosterone panel every
three months and I'm just kind of
looking at how that's improving if my
testosterone is low because I'm aging
then I might consider something like trt
or peptides or something like that um so
but as long as I can keep my natural
testosterone higher than the average I'm
not going to I'm not going to take those
things unless I absolutely have
to so I'm testing my free testosterone
as regularly as possible just to make
sure I'm kind of on the right dire
actually testosterone is a um overall
a a a just super important for men um
uric acid is just uh I I test this
because uh I'm prone to uh gout and gird
so I just make sure that that's within
line it's a personal one insulin again
uh diabetes vitamin D because a lot of
people are U deficient in it including
me so I take that regularly every 3
months to make sure that I'm keeping
that in line because my my vitamin D3
levels off a cliff I don't know if it's
like my genetics or whatever if I don't
supplement really regularly and also CU
I don't get any white cuz I'm a cave
Goblin that plays video games so that's
my blood panels uh there's again there's
a video that you can watch on the
patreon um patreon.com Nash that you can
search for search for blood that is more
comprehensive on this
subject and and again I I I wouldn't use
other than a CMP and CBC and
testosterone probably for men and a liid
panel I I would say that a lot of the
these other ones are kind of specific so
and you may need other things so
Consulting a physician on this is is
really good to do um or just like using
the lab core SL like Quest Diagnostic
packs for health and like what they
recommend you test for and then getting
a doctor to interpret it you can
literally just go to an urgent care and
walk in with your blood results and be
like can you look at this and see if I'm
messed up particularly if you have some
kind of symptoms or something like that
it can help quite a bit and you know any
any qualified physician can take a good
look at it if you want to go more
hardcore on this actually um since I
have a little bit of time to talk about
this you might want to look into
concierge medicine which uh I personally
do concierge medicine for like these are
for people with like kind of higher
income levels like um it's an extra like
250 on top of healthcare per month or so
is what I pay and that's just a
dedicated Doctor Who has like probably a
total I think my doctor has I think she
has like 90 total patients or something
like that so they know exactly who you
are like you know a GP is at an urgent
care has seen 3,000 4,000 people a year
no idea who you are won't remember you
so uh they keep a and also my my
physician is trained in exercise
physiology and um Sports Nutrition so
they're much more qualified than average
GP uh I usually will run my results
through through her and her team and I
could do a whole thing on coner medicine
and I I doubt that most of you are
interested so I'll um keep going okay so
that's blood test we got supplements we
got exercise we got nutrition good um we
got sleep so I'm just going to go
through some key notes at the end here
since I'm running out of time I actually
got to get to Hot Yoga in a couple of
minutes so I'm going to just uh sum this
up in the next five minutes the um the
first thing is that lifting and strength
is the foundational
discipline I believe this carries
everything else there is a awesome quote
I don't remember if it's from Aristotle
or Socrates or some other Greek guy it
says what a shame it would be for a man
to grow old and not know what his body
is truly capable of I love that quote
and I Vibe with it super hard because I
think that to feel truly strong and to
be strong in
yourself
is important on so many levels and will
carry you in so many other
ways like like it or not the basis of
how people judge you say you can't judge
a book by its cover but everybody judges
books by their
cover and if you're strong and you exude
strength and you feel
and you speak and you act with
confidence because you know that you can
manipulate the world around you in ways
that most people can't it just brings a
different it's really a different wolf
to the fight it really is and I think
it's the foundation of everything that I
do is based on strength as a
foundational discipline every everything
else is uh secondary I think to that so
so if you want it'll show up in weird
ways like the getting under and doing
these heavy compound lifts every single
week and not skipping sessions and
having to fit your nutrition and your
sleep to it will teach you a lot about
life it'll teach you a lot about
difficulty and challenge if you are a
person who is lost and don't know what
they're doing start lifting weights and
you'll start to see stuff come together
just like make that the one thing you
can do that you're going to be
consistent in three times a week and
don't listen to anybody else that's like
oh you need to do five you need to do
like 15 you need to do sets of whatever
just like pick a study routine like gray
scale LP 5x5 whatever and just do it and
you learn a lot and stay consistent
it'll it'll it'll it'll guide you in so
many other aspects of your
life and that's all I have time to say
about that man like I wish I had more
but it's so
important my lifting routine has
specific
periodization and it varies so I will
change it up a lot because I do a lot of
independent exercise research I used to
be a PT and so this General routine is
not something you should copy or follow
for a lot of people this is a ton of
volume and I can do it because I have
everything else in check um I I just
don't just my periodization is going to
be different it's going to vary I might
be doing something completely different
in two weeks this is just what I'm
working on right now but um the best
thing you can possibly do is follow a
consistent program for a year uh like
grayscale LP I love or 531 or starting
strength you can look into any of those
three are great and just follow that for
a year until you watch enough YouTube
videos and learn enough stuff to build
your own program um I also can't re
there's also a website rpst strength.com
he also has a YouTube channel this is
run by uh Dr Mike isrel and there's a
lot of free resources here that can uh
and articles that can kind of get you
through and uh get you started on some
stuff that I'd recommend heavily okay so
pick a program and stick to it um as I
mentioned before the highest impact
Health Improvement that I've had is
probably hot yoga and that's the sauna
aspect of
it but everything helps nutrition
everything makes a huge
difference My overall goals are not to
get
injured so I do not lift crazy heavy at
like 90 to 80% RM I lift like so when I
think if you if you're looking at like
reps you might say like the Reps I'm
trying to do and the weight I'm trying
to do typically I'm doing reps that are
like in the 10 to 15 range meaning that
I I can get away with like 10 to 15 reps
before I fail which is usually like 60
to 70% of my maximum lift so it's pretty
light right if my maximum deadlift is
something like 275 I think like I'll
usually be lifting at like 220 or 230
240 something like that a little bit
above four plates for example Okay so um
I keep it pretty on the DL and that also
helps me do more
volume and I also am concerned so not
getting injured is very important total
strength and V2 Max are my goals add a
couple of resources for you um I want
you to look at the 4-Hour Body by Tim
Ferris is a great book overall kind of
an encyclopedia on overall fitness body
and nutrition and a recent book called
outlive by Peter AA is a great Book on a
just increasing your
survival I'm checking for what he calls
The Four Horsemen which are uh diabetes
cancer neurogenerative disease and
atheos crosis or heart disease and how
to avoid those
things yeah um all this comes together
uh it's a lot it seems like when you
kind of like put down all down on paper
I just can't tell you enough how
beneficial it is though and you don't
learn and do all this stuff like you're
not just going to wake up tomorrow and
just be this person but you can and
start by doing something simple like I'm
going to go to a yoga class once a week
or I'm going to start lifting and I'm
just going to make sure that I'm there
for that right like you have to
understand that commitment to things it
doesn't happen where you just change
yourself and you become a person like
like like this overnight this took me
years and years and years to do but one
day I did say I'm not going to miss my
weightlifting I'm I'm GNA hold on to
enough honor in myself I'm going I'm I'm
going to hold on to enough in myself
that I can do that the Monday Wednesday
Friday even if I fail every other day
it's a complete failure and I fail my
family and I fail myself and I don't do
any other work I'll show up for that
that lift I'll do that you know even if
I'm sick even if I don't feel good I'll
do that if you can commit to to like one
thing like that in your life um the rest
of it will start to fall into place and
all this stuff will start to um to
happen likewise you can say you know
what I'm G to kill breakfast every
single day my breakfast is going to be
right side note on this by the way this
is one of the easiest things for
nutrition you can get right I I aim for
70 to 80 grams of protein uh every
breakfast and if you eat that much like
I eat when I eat a pound of turkey which
is almost every day I eat a pound of
lean turkey for breakfast I am not
hungry for the like I don't need to like
snack I don't eat a bunch of donuts I'm
not like tempted tempted ever to go eat
like a bunch of stuff and so if you get
your breakfast right like that's that
one thing you kind of lock in uh that
can improve everything else in your
entire life so start with something you
can commit to it might be a class it
might be uh weightlifting it might be
just one meal every day and just get
that right and what you what you should
look at this like is like okay I'm
building this like a muscle I'm building
my willpower and my discipline like a
muscle don't look at it as like oh I
need to like be all this stuff and do
all this stuff just look at it as like
I've got this you'll look at it exactly
like you're with a weight okay like you
might start deadlifting and you can only
deadlift the bar or bench pressing you
can only bench press the bar and the bar
is 40 pounds that's all you can do okay
fine right but next like like maybe next
week it's going to be 45 50 and then in
8 months 10 months like whatever you'll
be stronger than most of the people that
you know and it'll be like magic because
where are you going to be8 months from
now 12 months from now you're going to
be here the same like you're still going
to be here right right hopefully and but
it's it's like you can choose to be
strong eight months from now by doing
these daily activities or you can choose
to be the same or Worse right and and so
when you think of things like that it's
just that every day trying to get in and
focus on that individual goal of like
and that individual discipline will just
increase that muscle over and over and
over again and then before you know it
you'll be this person that you didn't
even imagine you could be because you're
just hitting it every day the right way
that's it right so don't look at
yourself as this like um broken project
that you know is hopeless just get
something right in the day and view it
as growing that muscle until eventually
your discipline is so good that like you
laugh at people that are like oh like
how are you so motivated to do all this
stuff it's like it's just automatic
because you've been building on this you
are a fine-tuned machine at this point
right you you you know know that the sum
of all of this is the discipline that
you have incurred through days and days
and days of lifting that bar through
days and days and days of going to those
classes through um in my yoga classes
they have they have these bands they
give you am of time so I'll end with
this uh they have these bands they give
you and each is like a different color
and uh if you've been to a thousand yoga
classes you have the orange band and so
you just you get these bands like 50
classes 100 classes whatever I think I'm
like about like 150 or something in this
stud I've been doing this for like four
or five years uh more than that now oh
my God actually way more like decade now
Jesus okay anyway
um uh you go see the people with the
orange bands and they're just dayto day
still right like they're they're every
day and they they didn't start with a
thousand classes they're amazing they
can do they're a lot of them are like 70
years old more flexible than me um just
just incredibly strong right but they
got there through that daily discipline
of just earning those bands 50 100
classes doesn't matter right like every
day is your new challenge every day you
wake up that's your new battle right
that's your new choice to like do
something to empower yourself or not and
you won't even recognize yourself in
eight months through a year which is not
that much time right you'll still be
here in the present it'll feel like the
same thing thanks everybody I hope this
has been really helpful uh leave me a
comment which I read all of them if it
has been and I'll see you guys again
soon bye
