okay hello sorry for the production
quality of this video once again for
anyone that's seen this i am in the
process of moving and i've all my stuff
has been lost uh for weeks now so this
is i'm just kind of like working off of
like really janky equipment so if
there's any technical issues that's
what's going on uh but you come here for
information and that's why we're talking
about today um in particular i want to
cover something that i will make a full
video about but i want to key in people
to hear
um as early as possible this is that
uh the fcc has
basically requested google and apple to
remove tick tock from their app stores
so if you are um if you're a person who
subscribes to this uh this
probably interests you a great deal
um because this is something we are
taking
incredibly seriously in the agency world
um so so what this looks at basically is
that the fcc commissioner has said that
apple and google should delete tick tock
from their respective app stores and
they've given until july 8th which is
not a lot of time right that's that's
about eight or nine days from now um so
so almost a week to respond in some way
and um to be clear the the fcc
while it says in this article it's not
clear what measures the fcc would take
if the companies don't comply um that
basically the measures would most likely
be some kind of lawsuit or um some kind
of something that google and apple don't
want
so i want to break this down a little
bit the the reason for
the fcc
um basically saying this is because
there is a huge amount of data that is
going from tick tock to china so as an
agency we've known this for a while we
connected a raspberry pi to tick-tock
and we were able to pull all the data
that um tik-tok sends to um to to its
servers and this is like not like news
that's exclusive to us right there's
been numerous numerous articles about
this the amount of data that gets shared
to your phone with you is insane and i i
i personally think that the fcc is is
completely legitimate in in this um in
this observation and uh i i i don't
think this is like you know a a big
conspiracy or anything i think that the
the government in this case is totally
within its rights to make this claim um
that that is going to get backed up
almost immediately by any cursory check
of tick tock and the data that it sends
um the us government has given tick tock
the chance to set up its own division of
tick tock us who we've been in contact
with for some time now there's been a
separate
branch of tick tock that was in the
united states that was allowed to
operate under the auspice that they
wouldn't share information with um the
the greater whole of tick tock in china
the fcc is now saying that
that um that tick tock us has not obeyed
that auspice and is sharing that data
with china which means that's grounds
for them to um
oppose what they call is an unacceptable
national security risk due to extensive
data harvesting being combined with
beijing's apparent unchecked access to
that sensitive data so um they this is a
very serious claim this is not which is
why i'm making a video about it quickly
um people often comment on like oh why
is devon um like not here for this like
like in real time i i'll make a video on
my phone if it's important enough if i
don't if i don't think something really
matters i'll just get around to it but
like with something like it should the
timing of this video should be very
clear to you that you want to pay
attention to this because we're taking
this extremely seriously right i i think
this is going to result in in tick tock
being removed from apple and google both
within the next couple of weeks and and
the reason i think that's the case is
because i don't think that google and
apple stand to benefit from fighting the
fcc on this they don't make a measurable
amount of money off of tick tock um they
host it on their app store they make a
little bit off of like the coins you can
buy for live streams and and maybe some
of the in-app purchases like um but but
very limited the very limited amount of
money so we're not talking about like
billions of dollars on either company's
bottom line plus google and apple
already have plenty of regulation
problems with the government
particularly the fcc already they're not
gonna they're not gonna wanna stir the
pot over a chinese company that doesn't
even allow them to be in their own
in their own territory and i think that
they're going to be fast to remove tick
tock um
and just and just abide by this request
i think i think it does even get to a
lawsuit i think it's it's a very simple
request uh i think that the the fcc has
every reason to do it and that is it's
likely that um
uh this will happen and and and yeah i
mean i think that has enormous
implications that we should talk about
and i will talk about in detail when
i've had a little bit more time to think
about it but i'm just going to give you
a couple of overviews so so number one
is there's like the the vacuum this
creates right is nuts the vacuum it
creates is massive there are literally
thousands if not hundreds of thousands
of tick tock influencers
who will lose their followings and need
another medium
uh most likely the most immediate place
they're going to go is youtube uh
youtube has been positioning itself this
is like literally like by the way the
other reason why google will not i
didn't even think of this until now but
the other reason why google will not
will gladly remove tick tock from their
app store is this completely eliminates
the competition that they have with with
uh via youtube and tick tock right
youtube has been competing on shorts and
losing youtube has been competing on um
on
on long form video now that tick tock is
trying to get it on and and debatedly
like it's been very shaky although
they're holding that title now uh now
they're trying to get into wise streams
google has every single reason to remove
tiktok from the app store it's it's
great news right um so most of those
influencers will mostly go back over to
youtube but the thing you might not be
thinking about right now is instagram um
i i really want you to think about
instagram here instagram is um
been over the past like few months we
haven't been talking i haven't been
talking about instagram a lot uh or
almost at all in the videos that i make
and the kind of stuff that i do that
doesn't mean we're not paying attention
right we're like
our job is to pay attention to this
stuff so instagram is making some pretty
big moves to become much like tiktok and
most of the sort of at-home feed that
you see on instagram if you go scroll
through it is going to be short form
content it's going to be 30 to 60 second
videos it's going to be like short form
videos and clips you're not like like
whereas like if you went to the
instagram app two years ago or a year
ago you would just see still images so
so
instagram is trying very hard to compete
with tiktok and um
so much so that like a lot of major
influencers on it have been like kind of
annoyed that instagram is trying that
well now this is the best news for
instagram possible so you're going to
see an influx of these uh tick tock
influencers to instagram as well uh and
then of course the um the the third
person the benefit from this is twitch
so so twitch is um
twitch lost the irl streaming battle to
tick tock instantly and twitch
was unable to pick up on all of those
users those random doctors and store
owners and barber shops and people that
fly planes that immediately signed up
for tick tock because they felt like it
was endemic to them to live stream there
and skip twitch entirely because the
feeling of twitch was that it was like a
gaming platform that they didn't really
identify with so all that's gone now the
live streaming um kind of like
opportunity is there again and it might
not be twitch that gets it it might be
youtube there's like a longer analysis
we need to do the
along those lines that i think is really
exciting to talk about but twitch
benefits certainly because a lot of
those influencers that diversify the
tick tock livestreaming will now go back
to twitch to try to grow their
followings there for tick-tock
influencers this is a huge problem i
mean a lot of these people are going to
lose their followings if they haven't
diversified um they're they're going to
lose their entire following this is why
i have said in every single talk that i
possibly can you are never safe on a
single platform right um no matter how
powerful it might seem
um
the
you you can you can lose
your entire shirt overnight so for the
vast majority of people
that have a tick-tock strategy right now
that are listening to this
you should change your strategy
immediately um and and start thinking
about one of these three platforms and i
really mean one of these two platforms
because i will tell you that at this
point i don't take twitch seriously for
any kind of business or discoverability
and i don't think you should either um
you should only do it if you have like
an obsession with twitch as a culture
and you just like have to be a star
there or you have to like have a
presence there um it's a better choice
to stream on youtube which is just
implemented subgifting as of today um
instagram which has tons of options of
discoverability algorithmic driven
discoverability it's a way better option
to be on both of these platforms than it
is on twitch you should multi-stream you
should not accept affiliate and partner
contracts uh it's literally a waste of
your time you're not gonna go anywhere
um
for people that are using tick tock as a
supplementary strategy to build like a
live stream uh which i know there are
many of you
you you would want to
make that a youtube or instagram
oriented strategy at this point which
which i've told you already right um
that's been the case what tick tock is
and i guess we should say what tick tock
was was an opportunity for people to
grow very quickly in the last year you
could grow at uh on ridiculous rates and
i i keyed people into this like i feel
really confident that i put everybody on
on blast about this
um that tick tock was the opportunity to
grow it at incredible rates and then do
everything you can to convert those
users over to platforms where people
give a because the biggest
criticism of tick tock that i've ever
had is that it's not a great platform to
sell on now that was because because
your users um actually there was a
really interesting
really interesting thing that somebody
said about this
um which was that tick tock is the first
platform that is creating um influencers
who don't influence anybody so on tick
tock you have people with followings of
500 000 to 750 000 people but nobody
cares about them because they're just
exposed to them over six to seven
seconds uh of a short form video and
then um and then they don't get that
time to um
associate with them so conversions on
tick tock are very hard now tick tock
was solving that problem uh through long
form video and and so the user base on
tick tock which was already immense
right the 1.2 billion users worldwide
that were using it we're already
um
we're starting to to to kind of get that
closer affiliation with people via that
long form content
and that would have persisted and made
tick tock a really competitive platform
but given this um this right the
situation with the fcc
you have to take this really seriously
um i'm going to link this article in the
show notes and you should you should
look at this and you should be like wow
this is crazy
this is um
this is really nutty
uh news and
um
just listening to the wording
like the exact wording
of
how um
how the fcc is is talking about this
is is is very pertinent now there's
still a chance that like um maybe
nothing happens
but um giving
giving giving google and apple a date
and and saying like by july and eighth
like we need a response from you
and then suggesting that there's going
to be further
difficulty if there's no compliance
there given the already strained
relationship with the united states and
china as is and given the situation
and the wording here and the weight of
that wording uh take this very seriously
and
and and the best news i mean i i
actually think that we might so this is
me personally leaving this video with me
a personal opinion i don't think tiktok
is very good for the united states um i
i think it's
bad for the culture
in general and and and just practically
i'd like to see the app gone so so i'm
fine with that
even though it might mean a material
loss of like actual revenue for my
agency which does a lot of business
through it
fine
the um
i worry about like yeah sure the
national security stuff like i worry a
little bit about i'm not that patriotic
but i i think the
the very legitimate criticism that that
could be made that's like this is
turning our entire population
into adhd fueled like irrelevant
nonsense is like a good one and that if
the fcc doesn't win on this one then
some other government organization will
win on that one right so a tick tock is
going to be in the crosshairs because of
his association with china this is a
very easy political target
um and if you haven't been following the
news political targets are are very
popular these days to uh make examples
of okay so that's your uh that's your
that's your news and that's what i would
think about i hope this video has been
helpful leave a comment i will leave
this article in the show notes and uh
we'll talk more about this i'll make a
bigger thing about this when ever i get
my stuff thanks guys bye
