hello welcome to video number three high
value client acquisition how to actually
write outbound emails for sales
sponsorship stuff like this for most of
you this will be the most important
video you watch on this channel this is
direct techniques on how to write emails
how to actually write to new clients to
write to existing clients how to do
subject lines all that jazz took a lot
of work to put in this video If you
haven't watched the first two parts of
the series you want to watch watch part
one how to actually find your leads part
two how to research them I will include
them in the links to wherever this video
is this is how to actually do the
process once you so I'm assuming you've
done the lead generation I've assuming
you've done the research to actually get
to the point where now you are going to
be doing the actual writing of the
emails okay and to begin we have Devin
Nash's five outbound Commandments
okay and when you say outbound we really
mean we are sending something out from
our company to try to develop a
relationship okay so the first thing to
understand is our objective
our objective is to develop a
relationship with a decision maker to
provide value to their team in business
right so we want to develop a value a
valuable relationship between a anybody
somebody with a budget director VP
whoever that's going to be able to
provide you money in exchange for your
product or service that is what we're
trying to do that's the purpose of our
outbound email and this is exactly how
to do it the five Commandments
commandment number one
is going to be
thou
shalt sound human
okay this is a personal email you are
writing an email for a person you're
building a relationship this is not a
one-time sale
okay so this is commandment one
thou shall shout sound human commandment
two
Thou shalt not sound inhuman okay so as
a corollary to this that means no web
copy no instant sales no Emojis no
business talking to a person no brand
names no secrets focus on vulnerability
if you are new say it Etc so these two
are where we're gonna start I'm going to
give you direct examples of subject
lines that do work and don't work later
I'm just getting these core Commandments
down so you completely understand like
what we're working with and what you
need to apply at a high level to
everything that you're doing sound human
right commitment number one meaning that
you are talking to the person like a
human you are not a business talking to
a person a lot of people think that is
the way to get in front of people it is
not especially decision makers and
people that don't have time they don't
want to hear from some business they
don't want stupid emojis they don't want
uh little quippy emails which are like
little jokes they don't want any of that
stuff they just want the offer they want
the value you're going to provide and
that's it so sound as human as possible
if you have vulnerabilities you are new
you have um you're new in the space or
whatever right don't be afraid to offer
up those vulnerabilities if you have
weaknesses that's perfectly okay we have
been taught in business that we somehow
like should not talk about our
weaknesses or should not talk about
things that um are uh that might sound
or make us weak it's it's the exact
opposite they appreciate authenticity
and vulnerability all right
commandment number three
thou shall always warm thy lead
okay in every email you will include one
personal anecdote
about your experience with their product
or service
which you have gotten from
the part two of this video research
video series
so you will always include something in
your email that is going to be just like
a one or two liner that's going to say
hey I really love Alienware of laptops
because I've used one for four years and
it's been great I really love green tea
that you sell it's changed my life in
terms of of your health I love your fish
oil because whatever right I love your
exercise bands I use them all the time
my mom uses them I love your dog hats my
dog wears them I think it's the cutest
thing you're always going to warm your
lead with a personal anecdote about your
experience with their product or service
this does so many useful things but
number one it makes you not a bot it
makes them know that you've put some
kind of personal commitment into the
email that is also along the lines of
Thou shalt sound human the quickest way
for an executive to turn an email away
is just to see that that person has
obviously copy and pasted your name and
your company and then sent the exact
same damn email to a million people okay
these are this is the email equivalent
of robo-dialing it's obnoxious and it
never works it's just it's just not a
thing right like people don't people
that have authentic budget to spend
don't want those kind of emails they
want
authentic value up front we're going to
talk about more all right commandment
number four Thou shalt always have next
steps okay meaning lead into a call
lead into a deal
contract included
this is what we do next we enter a call
we do a lead you join a webinar
webinar email list whatever okay
always have next steps in your email
and commandment number five the last
commandment
thou shall
always follow up meaning that up to
eight times follow-up
with a Cadence of four to five days
between each email
again following all four of The
Commandments you're still gonna sound
human and these follow-up emails are
going to be quick one to three liners
where you say hey just wondering if you
got my email I'm still really interested
in this insert personal anecdote okay so
that personal anecdote is going to lead
you further down the path of convincing
that person that you are human and that
you are interested in this because that
those leads are are going like those
follow-ups are going to show them that
you're not just like trying to do that
lead you're authentically trying to get
in contact with this person okay so
another Devon ashes five outbound
Commandments now let's talk about each
aspect of the email specifically so you
know exactly what to write and how to do
it starting with subject lines
so subject lines most people make bad
salesy
subject lines okay so here's a couple of
examples of bad Pro subject lines that
it might surprise you that you might
think are really good hence if you put
this into GPT they will give you mostly
these kind of results and their dog
how our products can elevate your
success
are you ready to take your sales to the
next level
um how X and Y company can achieve
optimal growth right and these I'm just
like putting these out because I looked
through about a hundred of the outbound
emails that I get and these are like the
most common types of emails that I get
okay so these emails are bad real
decision makers you have to understand
get dozens of these emails per day
um I'm going to show you a couple that I
get real quick just to kind of give you
an idea if you if you see the screen go
black that is not a mistake I'm just
pulling real quick up the um
the uh
paint that I have for this
to show you actual emails from my here
we are and also read them to you if
you're just listening so here is the
kind of stuff that I get this is all in
one day period I just picked out three
from my list of of uh various outbound
stuff I'm getting okay the audacity of
this email salutations Devon I managed
to resist the urge to pester you about
my earlier emails I've tidied my desk
got to inbox zero even done some admin
okay interested question mark would you
be interested in exploring more ways to
get Nova to thrive uh option number two
Nova influencer marketing are you
interested in learning more about tiger
your influencer marketing strategies
always powerful as the data this power
in it notice something really important
here most email clients
have the first 120 to 160 characters of
the email in the subject line and most
people will read that as well as the
subject this might as well be the
subject the first line or two of your
email is might as well be part of the
subject that is really important for you
to consider because that needs to sound
very authentic
um these are all very salesy they're all
focused on themselves right I've managed
to resist the urge to pester you about
my earlier emails I've tidied my desk
got to inbox zero and even done some
admin this is a horrible email I
even if this product was exactly what I
wanted I would not buy this person's
thing because it's so frustrating how
pretentious this person thinks they are
that I who do not know them care that
they've tidied their desk got to inbox
zero they provided me zero value they've
wasted my time you next person
would you be interested in sporting more
ways to get Nova to thrive no I'm
already making millions of dollars I
don't care I don't think you're going to
do is just gonna piss me off go away
okay no value statement right you could
expand your Brand's reach across two
thousand like I I don't care I I don't
believe you I you have no credibility
right doing stem follow-ups don't care
are you interested in learning more
about tagger no I don't never heard of
that before right you're influencer
marketing strategy is only as strong as
data is powered right these are very
weak these are like just super weak
outbound we get a million of these so
don't send anything that is like a
salesy subject line a quippy little joke
like Oh The Audacity Of This or I bet
this will surprise you this is just so
inauthentic and exhausting please don't
do this okay so that said if those are
the bad subject lines what do you do
instead okay and notice and just I want
to make a couple more points here real
quick uh just these two things that I
always see but they always lead with
some they're oper their product or
opportunity and they always try some
quippy you're always talking
about themselves instead
make your subject lines real and short
okay so here's a couple of examples of
great uh subject lines here's the only
subject line that we use at Novo looking
to sponsor maybe this YouTube channel
say or a business with x y z y y offer
okay so my uh looking to sponsor Mr
Beast gaming with 95
8676 dollar offer that's my subject line
because that's what I'm trying to do I I
don't need to get in front of somebody
oh like
um seven ways you can make a lot more
money with YouTube I don't shut up don't
care right like here's what I'm doing
I'm sponsoring Mr Beast gaming with this
offer just tell them that's a hundred
percent of our emails we get almost all
of our emails responded to it's very
rare that we don't get a responded an
email responded to I just I just give
them the cash offer no right up
front right looking to sponsor that here
are some of the ones that could work in
other fields that are more relevant to
you
hi like so here's one so I love a
product looking for more information
about sponsorships all right super
straightforward gives them a warm Lead
You could also say something like
um personal name that you got through
research I love product do you do
sponsorships
questions are really good very authentic
if they're actually about the thing that
you are talking about don't use click
bait clickbait Works in video titles
doesn't work in emails big mistake like
the people make during marketing I love
your product I'd say I love your product
do you do any sponsorships right
question mark and then we'll go over
into how the actual email is written
before or you could just write something
like looking for more information on
sponsoring my thing
cool so like um very straightforward
exactly what you're trying to do let's
say another methodology that you could
do
provide value to the person
so for example made you a recap of
events right
made you
made a video of product
made a case study
of products
comma what do you think
looking for your thoughts
provide a case to study provide
something for free uh to catch you up
again Watch the first two videos but
you are trying to build a relationship
you are trying to put a lot of work
forward to convince this person that
you're not some kind of guppy you are a
person who is trying to provide a lot of
value and you are willing to put a lot
of work into this email with no chance
of getting responded to if that's what
it takes because you are a shark you are
a baller you're not sending out 200 of
these you are trying to get this person
in a personal relationship okay
um might be just as simple as love what
business is doing
looking for partnership opportunity
maybe you're a gaming channel or
whatever you want to get a small ship
that way right I open up something like
this super straightforward okay that's
what I would do your subject models your
subject lines are just real they're
short they're not click bait they're not
salesy they contain exactly what you
want people to do do not resist the
effort to like think that oh I like I
wonder what that means I wonder what the
audacity of this email is I don't I have
absolutely no equity in these people
right if I'm a multi-million dollar
executive I promise you this won't work
on me it just it just won't work on any
it won't work on me and won't work on
anyone else I know because we are so
trained on that and we are so busy with
all the that we have going on and
bios it's not just multi-million dollar
Executives like you might be talking to
like you know A store owner makes a
couple thousand dollars a month or
whatever they just have so much going on
it might not be like business stuff like
it might be at home it might be whatever
um it might be the the next uh the path
of XLE comes out tomorrow like like in
my case whatever like they've got a lot
of stuff going on they don't want to
hear it right so you need to open with
your strongest truth and your
authenticity and I feel like that's
that's opposite of the way that a lot of
people teach you to do marketing on like
YouTube or something like that where
they say like operate with clickbait
operate with sensationalism like operate
in all caps like no like just talk to
them like a human give them the credit
that they are a entrepreneur that
they're a business owner and provide
them a ton of value up front so that you
can get through the door that value
might be in the form of a case study it
might take you something that takes a
few hours to do like that is a crazy
concept right let's say you make a video
and it takes you four or five hours to
do it and it's like a it's a compilation
of you talking about Razer products or
um Corsair products for example and then
you send that to Corsair and their VP of
marketing which you did the research on
in the second video and you and you sent
it to them and say I made you this video
I'd love to do a sponsorship with you
can we make this possible and you just
did three hours of work on something
that you may not even be sure they ever
even reply to isn't that crazy that kind
of craziness is what gets you sales
because no nobody's willing to do that
work all they want to do is they want to
blot emails to like 5 000 people and
they want to send the same thing and
they just want to go for a game of
numbers nobody in marketing is going for
a game of quality and I promise you that
if you are the people that do the
quality yes you will have emails
responded you you will do a lot of work
that never gets any kind of response but
you are going for relationships and
sponsorships like you're going for
long-term value I want you to think
about if you are a YouTube channel and
right now you make three to five
thousand dollars a month off of ads what
your life would be like if you had five
additional clients that paid you three
thousand dollars a month to advertise on
your channel right your life would be
completely different you would you would
quintuple your income 5x right that's
the kind of thing you need to bring to
the table it might take you
100 emails Let's Go Crazy 100 emails 300
hours of work to to to actually get that
done and to get those sponsors into the
door and get those relationships going
is it worth five extra Revenue I think
so right that's the kind of work we do
at Novo to try to get those high value
clients we put in the work up front we
send the quality in we don't blast
emails and we get results
okay that is your subject line
let's go through line by line what you
actually write in an email
all right
starting with a gaming company
this is going to be Corsair gaming and
I'm I'm currently an agency and want to
do marketing with them
and the second one is going to be an
example of a sponsorship email all right
paragraph number one
hey Rachel
so we know their first name because we
have done the research we know exactly
who they are as a video too
I've used Corsair products for over a
decade I'm wearing a virtuoso headset
while writing you this email
so this is going to be the line that
appears in the subject and that
immediately tells me this person is a
human there is no way that they uh
almost no way that they've copied and
pasted that as a script right I also own
stock exclamation mark
they know it's a public company they
you've done your research right this is
establishing that credibility even as a
cold lead then we're not bullshitting
them right objective I'm hoping to talk
to you to connect regarding marketing
Partnerships with Corsair so super
straightforward super authentic
first of all is the warm lead kind of
gets to be like oh this is not a bot
this is a human right and if it's a
human eye to respond and this is a human
that is familiar and has done their work
right I also own stock says that not
only are you an investor but you also
know they're a public company so you're
not bullshitting here okay so the first
paragraph is always going to follow
commandment number three which is Thou
shalt always warm thy lead you're always
going to open with some kind of personal
anecdote or some kind of like um
friendly kind of way to to link up
because a lot of people
um they think about
the difference between cold leads and
warm leads and they say it's really
really hard to activate a cold lead well
true it's going to be hard to activate a
cold lead if you but but you can always
turn a cold lead into a warm lead
through something like this and all of a
sudden there's that that like you can do
so much to build a personal relationship
and if you read watch my second video on
Research you will know that there are a
million different ways to do that and to
find that out uh even just through
Googling okay so this is our um
following rule number three
and then the next uh paragraph goes as
follows I own an agency named Novo or
I'd say called Nova whatever that does
full service marketing for public
companies now I changed this line
because I know that Corsair is a public
company meaning that I am making this
sound more exclusive here
that's not necessarily 100 true we do do
full service marketing for public
companies but this kind of makes it
sound like we do it only for public for
public companies which is great that's
up to interpretation no problem okay
um
less ethical people uh may or may not
open up with something that is or not
true like
um I've done work for Hardware companies
in the past whatever you gotta like do
that but we always try to stay ethical
we're trying to stay authentic it's true
that we do full service marketing for
public companies
we find authentic and passionate
creators to talk about Corsair products
on their social media channels
I've used Corsair products for so long
that we have a great idea of your
demographic but I love to talk to you to
learn more
two lines maximum about who it is that I
am and what that I do the number one
mistake that people make doing outbound
email is they talk about themselves Ad
nauseam look at all these emails they're
just talking about their product about
how awesome their the thing is they
don't care man they care about
themselves they care about what they're
doing about their business so notice
even in the third sentence where I'm
still talking about Novo I am saying
here's our expertise but I would love to
bring you in and get a good idea if if
I'm right right we have a good idea of
what the demographic is of what we could
advertise with you with but here is a
but I love your expertise because I
think you know more okay so that is a
opening to them to be receptive you're
you're being very very short with this
offering I have seen so many people
write emails with bullet point lists
long copy of all the stuff that they
offer bro nobody cares nobody cares it's
just it's just it's it's they don't care
because
the
um amount of stuff that they're
personally worried about is just it's
too much they they can't sort through
all your and you have no
credibility to offer that especially on
a cold lead
below I included a list of three example
Critters and why they would be a great
fit to advertise Corsair products
specifically this product and this
product please feel free to use them for
your own influencer Outreach value
statement two yes I've talked to you a
little bit about myself I've withdrawn a
little bit from your bank account now
I'm going to make a big deposit by
giving you part of my service for free
in this email in a CSV in a Google doc
whatever that you can then use you can
just go away and go use that for
yourself and go reach out to those
influencers then they are surely going
to be great influencers I've I've done
the work right so they're going to be
great people that actually offer your um
like offer they're they're what I'm
selling right it is the service so here
it is for free white use it right and
that also gives them an attachment goes
oh wow they put in some work for this
this is pretty cool okay
next
are you the right person to talk about a
potential ongoing partnership with
Corsair right and then I'm gonna say
here's how we run the campaign I'm not
including this in this video because
this is proprietary knowledge on Novo so
I would say like here I would say
something like here's exactly how we do
this campaign
um and I basically tell them literally
how we're going to run it in a very
short time like um I would give them the
business model here okay and are you the
right person to talk about is great
which and another also saying potential
ongoing partnership which makes it clear
that I'm looking for sort of a long-term
relationship here
and then finally I'm gonna not forget
commandment number
[Music]
four which is that shall always have
next steps that's gonna be my last line
do you have some time to talk more this
week I'm available limited dates okay
Wednesday Thursday Friday
I've got uh stuff to do I'm busy uh but
I can clear up a time on Monday Tuesday
if that doesn't work I hope we can talk
or I can talk that sounds too weak I'm
looking forward
to talking more
sincerely
full name
title contact info bam email number one
okay
personal entry
in anecdote
what you do in a very short value
are you the right person to talk to next
steps
email done
email number two we are going to be
looking at
a health and nutrition supplements
company coming from the perspective of a
person who wants to be sponsored by them
so you are a Creator sending an email to
a potential sponsor cool
the sponsor is called Nordic Naturals is
a real company
uh they sell all kinds of different
supplements and fish oil
hey Mark
we know your name because we did our
research
I run a fitness YouTube channel over at
link super simple here's what I do
I've used Nordic Naturals for years and
your EPA DHA super blend official
changed my life I used to have bad joint
pain I now take three to four G of fish
oil and the problem disappeared your
official was the only one I could verify
for efficacy
immediately this sets you up warm right
there is no way that somebody could have
customized this
like like that could have farmed this
out okay
um 100 this is a customized authentic
email
it specifically tells a story about how
that Health product changed your life
and you are running a fitness channel
that's directly relevant to it so I'm
reading this email as a VP of marketer
and I'm like this is a guy I want to
talk to you this guy has not only used
my product but he has a story and if
you're any kind of marketing person you
love stories Okay so we've followed rule
number three thou shall always warm thy
lead and you sound human
now we're going to talk about ourselves
a little bit
I have about 150 000 subscribers and I
often talk about health and wellness on
my channel
my audience would be a great fit for
Newark Naturals products I love to talk
to you about sponsoring three of my
videos over three months at 20 CPM I get
about 40 000 views so this would come
out to about 800 per video during this
trial period we can test the audience
and become more informed for a long-term
deal okay let's break this one down
because there's a lot here isn't there
right sentence number one establishes
that you're a credible YouTuber that
often talks about the thing that they
are relevant to
your audience would be a great fit for
natural products and you'd love to talk
about sponsoring videos now we get very
specific here's the deal
here it is I want you to sponsor three
of my videos and here's what I'm
charging a lot of people are gonna
 you they're gonna they're gonna
send you an email that's gonna say I'd
love to get on the phone and talk about
something I'd love to get on the phone
and talk about more and then you're
gonna get on the phone with them and
they're gonna be like so what are you
thinking for some kind of deal
um and uh they're gonna be like uh
you're gonna be like uh uh I don't know
I don't know what's charged whatever
okay blah blah right and it's like the
movie Jet Li's hero right where him and
Donnie Yen just witnessed the entire
fight and the entire combat closing
their eyes and imagine it okay as a
marketing executive I am imagining the
entire Battle of getting on the phone
with you and trying to get your damn
worth and your offer and your value and
I just don't want to do it I don't want
to go through it and I stop here I'm
literally offering you the deal I'm
literally giving you exactly what I want
to do and you might be like well what if
this what if this is way above their
price expectation or whatever you can
always negotiate but this shows that you
are a professional that you have done
the math up front that you've watch
Devin Nash videos that you are put
together and you know what you're doing
okay and you're coming out the gate with
an offer now look like you can change
this right like you could go to 10 CPM
which means it's 400 per video you could
go to five dollar CPM right and like you
might want to get through the door just
to establish a case study for future
sponsors that's totally fine right
they're like you you control the
software don't worry about it right but
you're coming in Swinging with a super
straightforward offer and the value of
it and and you're just saying I really
want to test you're speaking the
language of the brand which is oh I'm
not I'm not sure I want to do a six
month partnership with sponsorship yeah
like I don't even know you if you're
gonna do well and you're giving them
three trial videos right that then might
lead and probably will lead into a
long-term sponsorship because you know
your okay
number three
attached is a case study of a call to
action I did on the channel a few months
ago the results were views Impressions
Etc clicks whatever based on my audience
demographic we will do even better for
Nordic Naturals killer so you've
literally included a Google doc or a
paste copy and paste from your YouTube
video which shows a video that got a ton
of response or got a bunch of minimum
watch time whatever you want to show
them you've got something of some kind
of impressive stats you're going to show
them what that is
with a case study that is branded
towards Nordic Naturals in the email
here's a case study so now man and like
let's let me just be very clear I have
gotten emails from hundreds and hundreds
of creators right like not only have I
been on the talent management side I'm
now on the brand side I have never got
anything even close to an email like
this from the most proficient agencies
in the space if I got an email like this
I would bend over to try to make this
person's day okay you have no idea I
would do anything I possibly could to
get this person a deal it's it this is
so insanely professional because not
only have you established the exact deal
but you've also given me a case study to
why I should believe it in one email
you've done all the work for me and now
all I have to do is be like yeah sounds
good like you've got you gotta figure
that or yeah sounds good would you do
this price like that's all I've got to
do all the other work you've done for me
amazing okay just so incredible
I'm excited to talk more about this do
you have time for a call on Wednesday
between this time and this time
alternatively if you're not the right
person to talk to about this could you
point me in the next Direction step
number four right
that shall always have next steps
I'm excited to talk about this more do
you have time under for a call here is
the specific
um time I have available but
alternatively if you're not the right
person to talk about like run me over
and then I'll be like yeah hey um
actually you reached out to somebody
that's um in marketing but I'm not the
guy I don't control the budget but I do
know the guy and I'm going to send them
to you and your case study and this is
super awesome thanks for reaching out to
me cool
okay so exact time because again you are
a baller you're a shark you're not
available all the time okay you got you
got Wednesday you got Thursday maybe but
Friday you're busy man you're with uh
you're a family you're with people you
got people you got people you got stuff
to do
Friday sorry man I'm out of the office
my calendar is booked up but oh it's uh
oh it's Path of Exile time oh yeah man I
got some stuff to do um a lot of stuff
big busy big busy can't talk to you
sorry right you got a specific time
and then they go okay yeah sure I got
some time on Wednesday or hey I don't
have any time on Wednesday but I see
you're a professional and you're a
baller and I'll talk to you on Tuesday
right bam cool okay and then looking
forward to working together name name
contact full name
contact
and title
foreign
look at the balls on this person this
person is amazing first name did their
research on the company life-changing
story has all of their figured out
in the deal excited to talk more has a
specific time had a case study they
provided is ready to go and the last
part of their email says looking forward
to working together because they already
know you're gonna work together there's
no there's not there's not even a
there's not even a doubt there it's not
even like a hoping to talk to you soon
no we're gonna work together looking
forward to it yeah badass that's my
that's that's my kind of thing okay this
is the way that you you sell high
quality outbound emails okay you're
super authentic you're up front you put
it all on the table and you're no
 okay and you do the work you do
the work you put in the work you trust
the process that even if this doesn't
work for the first 10 people that you
send it to and you go Devin Nash was
wrong he sent me over I did all these
cases I did all this work I'd made a
bunch of Google docs for these companies
and uh none of them responded Devin Nash
is assuredly the worst marketer on
patreon or whatever
he can't even get his camera right look
at that
why did I trust this man with my five
dollars
even if you think that if you keep
putting in the volume I promise you you
will get the results that is what
happens it's just this is just how it
works but it's not gonna happen it's
gonna work and then guess what let's say
that I am wrong and that you don't get
any of those results then what happens
oh hey you have 10 more case studies
you've done that much more research on
your product you understand it that much
better all of the work that you've done
to figure out what you need to do
um has helped build your business
because you now better understand your
processes of credit Sops for these
people basically like you ever heard
that saying it's like if you teach
something you get better at it well I
think that's very true right
um in the exact same way if you put more
work into understand the process of your
business and understanding how to sell
it then you'll get better at your
business and how to sell it so even if
and this is really a philosophy that
once I change this philosophy for for
myself
um it just helped me immensely in terms
of my sales and marketing because I
would think like man why am I putting
together all these deep decks and I'm
putting together all this education so
much work
um for no guaranteed return why am I
doing it and then I realized no wait
like even if this person never buys or
never replies to me ever I now have a
deck I now I now have a case study I now
have something that I can easily modify
to send to five more people and and I
Now understand my my product better and
I had to do the work that's to go to
prove out
um while my product is good and so I
might um also come in at a price point
that is ridiculous if I don't have that
data you might be saying well Devin
that's great but I've never done a case
study I've never done anything like that
okay great what if you just wrote the
same exact email to Nordic Naturals that
we just went over but you offered your
services for free I'm gonna sponsor the
video for free or you write the number
that you want to pay me and it can be
five dollars and I'll do it because all
I'm asking for is data from how well we
actually do this process and by the way
when you get them on the phone they're
not gonna I'll give you five dollars
They're Gonna Give You 500 give you a
thousand dollars they'll probably give
you a number that you won't believe
right because they think that's so cool
um like if somebody came to me and I
have budget and they're running this
kind of game I'd be like dude I'll pay
you whatever the maximum is that I can
fairly get away with because I'm just
I'm just so impressed but by uh by your
your tenacity by by your strength you
know that's so cool so um I don't have
any case studies well great okay send
five more emails out to people and offer
to do sponsorships for them get case
studies and get results now you have
case studies now you have results cool
right easy so uh summary
following the five Commandments
okay that shall sound human that shall
not sound inhuman Thou shalt always warm
thy lead Thou shalt always have next
steps and thou shalt always follow up if
there's already been people doing this
it's been super cool to see from The
Mastermind I've gotten a lot of messages
from you guys this email this this video
hasn't even come out and you guys are
just using the research part of this and
just using the lead generation part of
this to increase your sales so I
encourage you to use the outbound emails
and the last thing I will ask you is
remember me when you're a billionaire
okay all right Devin Nash was it was was
your friend come back
uh I'd say hello all right thanks
everybody I hope to see you uh I know
this video was was helpful so I I hope
that you use it uh take care everybody
I'll see you again for the next one bye
