okay hello uh you may notice i'm in a
different location in space and that my
sound here in space is significantly
worse along with my the rest of my setup
though amazing we have a green screen
i'm in the middle of a move my stuff is
stuck somewhere and this is all i've got
so i'm going to be creating with the
setup the hopefully the values of the
information and not the production
quality in this case this is a patreon
video and what we're doing today is we
are going to be going through some of
the mastermind questions that have been
asked over the course of the last week
that i haven't been able to get to
because i'm traveling so there's some
content creation in here there's some
business stuff in here hopefully a
little bit for everyone and it's going
to be a little bit janky with some more
pauses than usual just because um i
can't
i just don't have a good setup right now
so bear with me will we do that so the
first
uh question
was uh i think from air wing marine in
mastermind chat and he this conversation
was surrounding the youtube algorithm as
it relates to uploading videos
unlisted
on
after streams
so that is if you live stream on youtube
and you post a video
what does that affect the algorithm so
uh here's what i i think and and i'll
tell you what the official responses are
so if you upload a video sorry if you
live stream and then that video is
unlisted that should not affect your
channel
in terms of any of your watch time or
any stats that matter
if you upload a live stream sorry if you
live stream on youtube i keep making
that mistake and then you post the video
that video will
be
subject to normal algorithmic things
like watch time ctr and it will almost
certainly tank your channel so for that
reason most of the large youtubers or if
not all of the large youtubers who also
stream will not post their videos
on their of their live streams on their
main channel they'll post them on a
second channel that's what you should do
the um the the creator studio says which
is like the youtube people that work at
youtube they say that the unlisted
videos also do not influence
um
anything which which is makes sense
right like why would a video that's not
published on youtube
influence the algorithm
although a video that is published on
youtube just because it's a live stream
becomes a normal video so if
what's likely to happen is like let's
say that you normally make four to 12
minute videos
for example which like the average that
most people do
if you post a video that's a live stream
is five hours that's going to destroy
your completion rate right because your
completion rate most people are probably
some high percentage of people are
probably getting through your entire
video but almost no one's going to get
through that entire live stream so that
is going to affect your channel
negatively likewise less people are
likely to click on
uh videos
that are live streams and and watch them
in general so you're just going to tank
your whole channel by posting live
stream videos on your main channel you
should never do that um all right you
might be able to find an exception like
with someone who's successful who's
doing that but it's still wrong
so so don't do that um
okay so that's the
uh
that's the big one so there was a
follow-up question here within this
conversation that said my question would
be if you send an unlisted video to
patreon subscribers and they're a good
portion of your youtube subs and loyal
viewers they're less likely to click on
that video when they see it recommended
to them and less likely to watch the
whole thing if they click on it
uh in theory this could hurt the stats
of your video
so i think this is overthinking things
um
if you have a good video on youtube
you should be trying to appeal to the
broadest audience possible within your
niche it doesn't really matter if your
patreon viewers have already seen your
video um
for example if i i upload all of my
patreon videos i'm listed there's two
reasons for that one is because it's
very easy uh to do for for you to view
it and like no hassle and number two is
if somebody who is a patreon member
wants to send that video to someone who
they think it could help them i i want
them to be able to do that so regardless
of whether they pay or not it's a it's
um obviously you get access to the whole
collection if you're on patreon but i
want to have that available to people
that um because the the the thrust of
these videos is to help people so um i
use that system and i don't worry at all
about uploading videos to
my main channel that sometimes patreon
videos end up on the main channel if i
think they're
they can appeal to that broad audience
you might say well that's great devin
you have 100 000 subscribers like the
course that works for you but that works
for anybody because your
your thinking should and there's i see
this consistency in a lot of content
creators your thinking should be
how do i appeal to the audience that is
the broadest possible
instead of like oh i'm going to lose
viewers over here like you're in a
scarcity mindset you should be you
should be building your your content or
your advertising your promotion or your
business you should be building that to
reach the most amount of people possible
or at the very least to reach the the
objective that you're trying to reach
right you should be goal forward you
like like this negative backwards
thinking to say okay i'm losing
subscribers by posting a patreon don't
think like that like it's the same type
of thinking that's like um oh i have to
follow the youtube algorithm to do
things no no like if you produce
something good that that people want to
consume because it's either highly
entertaining or highly educational you
need to trust the systems
that are in place whether they be the
youtube algorithm the tick tock
algorithm the business or any kind of
value generation our entire system like
our ad system entertainment as a whole
is built on delivering good content to
people that want to consume it so if
you're creating good co and what do i
mean by good content what i mean is i
mean content that is either highly
entertaining or highly educational right
um
either of those two things are will be
considered good content for the purpose
of like talking through this
this has been the case since television
became of things his radio became a
thing since people clacked rocks
together and and said sound since like
that that is that is how our entire
system is built so these algorithms that
like people sort of talk about all the
time as like does the youtube algorithm
do this does the facebook algorithm do
this will my advertisement get promoted
don't worry about that stuff if you make
it highly entertaining highly
educational um and i'm not saying that
as like a buzzword i'm saying like if
you focus your mind on doing that right
and
creating that outcome it will be much
better than if you're working through
all this algorithm i never worry about
that algorithm stuff i never worry about
ctr i don't even i don't even know what
my ctr is for my main channel and this
is coming from a guy who like literally
i write hundreds of thousands of dollars
millions of dollars actually of
proposals that concern like ctr of
different influencers and things like
that like i know the stat right i know
it's important i don't look at it for
myself why because my judgment of my
videos in my case right is is this a
highly educational video are you
watching this and getting something from
this within the sphere that i talk about
that i'm an expert in that you can't get
anywhere else and that is better than
you're going to get anywhere right
that's my that's my sort of like kpi
that's where i'm focused so that's where
you should be don't worry about this
like algorithm stuff and whatever or
like if you're going to lose like 200
all if like you have 200 subscribers and
you and 40 of them are on patreon and
you're like i'm going to lose 40 people
which is effectively like 20 of my
audience okay like well your videos
should be going out to five or ten
thousand people if it's highly
educational or or highly relevant to
those people and you've titled it and
you've done the thumbnail right and
you've written your description right
that you shouldn't worry about that
stuff so i would i would say um
although what although this comment is
technically true i would i would not
worry through it for those reasons
okay so we're gonna do a complete 180.
does the 180 put you
no no 180 turns you around 360 puts you
back where you are let's see if you work
360 degrees and walk away okay all right
next question is about consulting this
is from it's friday who's uh actually
like really cool in the mastermind chat
he's building a um like a dm business
for dungeons dragons super neat so he's
saying um are there any opinions from
those of us who do consulting i am doing
consulting on scaling people
um game master businesses from wherever
they want to go
but i need to figure out a price
and i saw that my average is like 100 an
hour for my industry okay so i should do
a whole video on consulting and somebody
should hold me accountable to it okay
like because that this question deserves
a whole video about on just like how to
set up a consulting business it's
something that you can really easily do
uh um because most people are an expert
at something and and most people will
pay an expert to learn about something
and it might be the things that you
don't expect
so um i will tell you about how i price
my consulting which will not be helpful
and then i'll tell you about how i find
people to consult with if i was doing
that i've shut down consulting for like
months like six months i just have way
too much to do with the agency but if i
was to do it uh again i'll tell you how
i would do it i had more clients than i
knew what to do with and
i'll tell you how i did that so within
consulting there are these head hunter
agencies which you can find through
google where uh
they are looking for consultants
and they have a large
base of clientele
so if you go on so your your number one
resource for consulting and finding
people uh that will
come to you for consulting is linkedin
linkedin's incredible for this and you
need to update actually if you go to my
linkedin and you go to linkedin devin
nash you'll see the first job on there
is senior gaming industry consultant
there's a reason for that it's because
when people search for that on linkedin
they will find me first and that's even
though i i even though i'm a c-level at
an agency i have a full-time content
creation business that's what i put
first because that is um my uh
my my whole consulting thing that's like
i know how important that is so if you
put that on linkedin people will
actually reach out to you from these
places but there are literally dozens of
these like major agencies that are
looking for hundreds and hundreds of
consultants their game is they link up a
consultant with a potential client
that's looking for that expertise and
then they take a percentage of it so you
can charge whatever you want through
these consulting firms and your best bet
is to like find like maybe five of those
like one to five of those a day and
email them and say hey i'm an expert in
this field here's my resume which i
again i'll make some i'll make a video
or some content about how to do this uh
it's just it's just outside the scope of
this video requires a lot more so this
is like one of you know the dev nash 45
minute talks type of things
but yeah you do that and you'll find
more clients than god then the question
becomes how to charge for them so the
answer for consulting uh charging the
short answer is that is obviously that
it depends on your industry but
generally speaking you can get away with
like one to five hundred dollars an hour
is is super reasonable i i say a hundred
to five 500 an hour not one dollar right
and i actually don't think you should go
below 100 ever like in this economy i
think that doesn't make any sense um
knowledge based expertise should always
start at 100 and should go up from there
for something like dungeon masters or
dming what i would do is i would look at
the amount of money so so two things i
would look at the amount of money that
those people typically earn which you
should know if you're an expert in the
in in the field so for example
most of my consulting that i do when i
turn it on is actually companies that
are looking to get into esports or
advertising or marketing that want an
opinion on um on how to do it or if they
should do it so for example like i might
i might consult with like a like a very
large f500 about if they should put
several million dollars into their
digital advertising budget right and
typically for those types of consulting
deals i will charge 500 to 900 an hour
just because now that the reason i do
that is because i'm going to tell you
about the second thing which is um what
your time is worth
so
if i just sit here and i do nothing else
but fill out proposals or um or or kind
of like complete the things
that
uh i need to do at novo my average deal
value right now well i don't accept
deals anymore that are below 25 000 and
i and my average deal value right now is
like north of like a hundred thousand
dollars so that's what i'm looking at
for like an hour of my time i can
construct a proposal for a brand send it
to them and say yo this is what it's
going to cost and possibly earn that
kind now and all that's like because a
lot of that's like influencers spend
things like that we end up with a lower
percentage of that but let's say that
you know if i'm sitting here for an hour
and i could bring twenty thousand
dollars into the company it becomes
really difficult to get me to consult
does that make sense i would have to
really feel like i'm benefiting
them or i'm like dude it's almost like
it sounds like really i guess
pretentious it's not how i'm intending
to do i'm nintendo add value but it
sounds almost like a charity right like
if i'm charging a thousand dollars an
hour for consulting but i can earn 20
000 in that hour i'm sacrificing 19 000
to do that so you can't think of things
one-to-one like that exactly because
like okay well then why don't you just
work the five hours that you're playing
path of exile well i like that game like
it doesn't earn me anything right okay
so so you have to think through it that
way you can't think of it one to one
but uh
this is called you know the time value
of money the time value of opportunity
cost right is there so
what i would look at the amount that
they're making so in that case those
people are multiple fortune 500 multi
multi million dollars they can pay me a
thousand dollars an hour it's no problem
at all for them
um if i'm talking to a small broadcaster
who has 30 viewers and um unless they
have a reliable source of income
that that i am super confident that and
i'm super confident they're going to
make their money back like 3 4 five x on
this i will i won't i either won't take
the client or or i'll very reluctantly
take the client and then i'll try to
charge as little as i can i think like
the the least i go down to is like three
to five hundred dollars an hour i
haven't done three in a long time
um and generally i just say hey i don't
want your money uh for for 99 of the
small content creator clients i i do not
want their money ever they will they
will not make it back
there's there's so much
more they can learn from
our free resources or very low cost
resources like five dollars watch like
the 70 videos that are on patreon and
you know you're going to be so much
further ahead than talking to me for an
hour for 500 right so um anyway
i say that because for the consulting
thing we're gonna we're actually getting
into a whole consulting video okay so
the short of it is
um look at the i'll do a whole video on
this but look at the number of people uh
look at what you
uh what they can afford right uh look at
what your time is worth and what you
could be earning if you didn't do this
consulting uh if that's nothing then i
would say your base rate is 100
and it's 100 until you can get enough
clients that you could justify raising
your prices and then number three
what is the cash flow that is available
to your clientele uh and you know how
much do you need the money right that's
that's the very short of consulting but
i will do a whole video on this and and
um
you probably saw some of it because i i
start writing i get into it okay
there's so many of you that could
consider adding consulting as like a
um as a business strategy particularly
if you learn like the discoverability
around it um and we need to talk through
that
[Music]
my editors have been focusing on making
intros for youtube videos
um
if i keep intros
using subtitles or pictures 15 seconds
or less the intro tanks big time within
the first five or 20 seconds
um yeah so so for youtube
content creation and in general i think
intros are kind of like an outdated
thing and probably always have been so
if you do like a flash screen it's like
your logo
and uh and it's on there for even five
seconds i feel like for that five
seconds that provides no value to the
user
and and it's just a complete waste of
time like
let's say that it's like all devon is
making a brand impression to get them to
subscribe and follow your channel you
can do that through a call to action
like
10 minutes into the video
or they'll just subscribe if they like
your content anyway or if you remind
them to i don't think i don't think that
kind of like
the first 30 seconds needs to be
dedicated to a call to action about why
they should watch the remaining time of
your video so for example like if i was
going to open up a video on youtube
you'll see me do this a lot i'll say
something like
all right we are going to talk through
the biggest change to twitch advertising
revenue ever this is an opportunity for
streamers to make more money than
they've ever seen before stay tuned
because we're going to get into this
right that's a interesting hook you feel
bad if you click out of that or either
you click either you're not interested i
was gonna lose you anyway or you're or
you're gonna you are interested you're
my target audience that you're gonna
watch that right that's that's what you
should use with that kind of time i
don't know how much that time that took
maybe seven to ten seconds it's worth so
much more than any kind of intro you
shouldn't do intros
these uh these weird like
uh 2010
minecraft intros that last like 30
seconds like that
like
get to the meat man like we're like dude
for for long-term for long form but
which i mean like people that are
creating long videos or articles
long-form content creators you're you're
we're dinosaurs making a 45-minute video
we live in tech talk man people are
consuming stuff like rapid 80d speeds
six seconds like you got to compete with
that with um everything you do it's
really hard you can't you can't do you
can't do this stuff where um
you uh
you make like like a six second intro
that's a whole piece of content for
somebody on tick talk right now
yeah you can't do that when it comes to
getting more subscribers what helps you
a lot i'm struggling a lot to gain uh
not that that's my goal but for a video
i have a feeling i can get more out of
it
um yes ctas matter a lot you want to
make sure that uh you want to go to your
analytics for small content creators
like you want to go to your analytics
and you want to like look through and
say okay
um what percentage of people are
watching my videos that are unsubscribed
you know you want to convert more of
those people so call to action are
really important probably two or three
throughout your video i do one because
i'm not that interested in subscribers
but uh
two to three during the video you know
for eight minutes good
uh also like uh cues like logos come up
remember to subscribe things like that
is good generally when you're um
when you're a smaller content creator um
i
much appreciate the what is greater than
zero strategy which is like you should
be reaching out to on twitter you should
be responding to people's threads that's
like okay you like you see a popular
thread somebody talking about an issue
you made a video about that and you want
to what and you say hey i made a video
about this check this out here like when
you're let's say you're like below 50
views for your videos you should be
doing hand-to-hand combat is what we
call it in marketing which is like
you're going into twitter you're going
into reddit you're posting videos you're
like you're you should be self-promoting
a lot
because um
in that case like 50 more clicks on your
video is like life-changing for your
content and youtube values that kind of
thing very highly uh because people that
come from outside of youtube are more
valuable than people that come from
inside of youtube for consuming content
as is the case with all social media
platforms
so one of the big mistakes that smaller
content creators are doing um on all
platforms
is that they're not utilizing other
platforms to
uh to
to advertise when a few clicks can make
a very big difference to them
respectively
okay more content creation questions i
was wondering what would be good metrics
for reviewing a video i made i'm mainly
on tick tock and youtube shorts okay so
tick tock and youtube shorts your uh
your metrics are completion rate that's
the most important repeats which is not
the case with long form content but in
short form content completion rate means
i watched your whole video one to 30
seconds one to 15 seconds i watched the
whole thing through
um
the second one is is loops so if you
look at like magicians on tick tock
they're some of the most recommended
ones because you see like a cool trick
that lasts like six seconds like an
optical illusion people want to replay
it so that replay value is really really
really highly valued on on tiktok so
those are basically the two things
you're looking at watch time so like if
people leave your video and your video
is 30 seconds or or or shorter that's
bad so you want to make sure you have a
very high completion rate so that means
tick tock's hard like like actually i
think tick tock is one of the reasons
why i haven't like spent a lot of time
getting into short form content yet
because i think short form content is
harder than long form content
you make it interesting the whole way
through and you need to make sure your
computer completion rate is really high
which tick tock for business will tell
you what your completion rate is uh
that's your answer for that question
pretty easy
um
what are the difference between videos
that are eight minutes long compared to
videos under eight minutes uh mid-roll
ads that's the big one is making income
from ads
and that's about it otherwise uh it
doesn't really make a big difference
okay i also want to just talk through
some stuff too uh that's not in here
well let me just check the mastermind
chat and make sure i got everything
because i i think i'm here
um
quick conversation about uh people that
are saying do you outsource script
writing or what do you outsource for
content creation if you're a business
you could outsource basically everything
but if you're creating your own content
and you're interested in becoming a
content creator you should basically
produce everything that you can on your
own for as long as you can unless you're
absolutely against the wall and you're
totally maxed out
on your work
looking through i just want to make sure
i haven't missed anything
okay so let's talk really quickly
through twitch ad revenue i will do a
separate video for this
but just to give people a a heads up
uh the
twitch is changing ad revenue splits
they're they're claiming it's 55
of cpm and 45 to them
i don't know how that's possible so so
right now it's a flat rate between i
can't tell you the number it's like it's
like uh because the switch nda
uh you can look it up real quick it's
really low below ten dollars
well below
and uh
uh they're they're proposing that they
are going to be changing it to a
percentage instead which
for what they sell cpms for every if
they are honest big if if they're honest
about their cpms every single streamer
will like 10x their revenue overnight
from ads it's an insane opportunity like
if they're really honest about it
then what's going to happen is um like
people with like 100 to 200 viewers
will be able to like actually monetize
via via advertising like they'll make
500 to 1 000 a month no problem off of
ads maybe more probably more
but i don't think they're going to do it
that way i i think they're going to
obfuscate the cpm number or something in
that way because it makes no sense from
a profit
like it makes no sense from like a
profit motive for them to do it this way
i have no idea why they're doing this um
but it will certainly mean more money
for creditors no matter what they will
not mean less money so so it might 2x or
360 revenue but every single channel on
twitch um and everyone who has a contact
creation strategy that is focused on
twitch you should have an ad strategy at
this point you should be running three
but at three minutes of ads an hour at a
bare minimum which keep in mind like the
television ads is 16 minutes an hour so
it's like almost like 20 of the time so
like three minutes is way less i'd run i
read way more too
um
twitch is going to be putting an
enormous amount of resources into uh
making advertising
like consumable on their platform and
it's just gonna become like a culture
thing like on youtube right now like if
you watch ads on youtube like no matter
how many ads you put in your video it
doesn't affect the video it doesn't
affect the video watch time or anything
there's been endless amounts of studies
on this you can just put as many as you
want so um people are worried about ads
on twitch and have been because the
culture is different but that will
change so uh you should just have an ad
strategy i'll talk through that in a
video that's actually gonna go to the
main youtube whenever i can freaking
film it and i have my stuff all right so
this was an update uh video um just to
like kind of like go through some
questions i guess we mostly did
consecration stuff
but i'll do some ask devon stuff later
uh once i figure out i wanted to put out
the main youtube as well but i don't
know how to market it so i'll figure
that out okay i hope this was helpful
thank you for coming out for this and
we'll talk again soon bye
