hello we have a question from
mastermindchat that i'm going to read to
you it's from dallas no malice hello
masterminds i'm finding it difficult to
find my true passion this is most likely
due to my methodology or maybe the way
i'm thinking about it i have been trying
to force myself to think about an answer
but i have a strong feeling this is the
wrong way to go about this i would love
to get perspective or insights on
methodology on finding my purpose the
current feeling is that i'm overthinking
and over analyzing uh thank you for all
the time that you spend in this chat
great so this is a question that i get
often enough that i definitely want to
talk about it and that's about finding
passion and purpose i'm going to read
you an excerpt from
a book called zen mind beginner's mind
which is a book by suzuki one of the
famous zen masters and this is a section
called limiting your activity
you may think that if there is no
purpose or no goal in our practice we
will not know what to do but there is a
way the way to practice without having
any goal is to limit your activity or be
concentrated on what you're doing in
this moment instead of having some
particular object in mind you should
limit your activity instead when your
mind is wandering about elsewhere you
have no chance to express yourself but
if you limit your activity to what you
can do just now in this moment then you
express yourself fully and your true
nature this is our way when we practice
zazen that's meditation we limit our
activity to the smallest extent keeping
the right posture only and being
concentrated on sitting is how we
express universal nature so instead of
having some object of worship we just
concentrate on the activity of what we
are doing in each moment when you bow
you just bow when you sit you only sit
when you eat you just eat if you do this
universal nature is there in japanese we
call this one act samadi or one practice
so why do i bring up this passage i was
thinking about this passage when i read
this
the
thing that
dallas says in their message that i
think is most telling is i've been
trying to force myself to think and find
an answer but i have a strong feeling
this is the wrong way to go about this
so you have a strong feeling that that
is the wrong way to go about it because
that feeling is correct that is the
wrong way to go about it and when i
speak of limiting your activity when
trying to find your passion or trying to
find something that you want to do
this is counterintuitive to how you are
thinking about it how you think the mind
works we think that if we try to force
our way towards an objective or try to
find an answer
that that answer is going to come to us
but in reality creating space for those
kind of answers is actually like when it
comes to these like larger sort of
spiritual questions like finding your
passion or finding motivation to do
something a lot of people say oh like i
don't have any motivation to start a
business or i'm losing motivation to
start my business the the the what your
mind does is your mind like centralizes
that problem and says okay i'm going to
like force myself to become more
interested i'll force myself to go to
the gym i'll force myself to um to do
new exercises or to do new things in my
business and
actually
what you need to do is limit your
activity it's the exact opposite of
forcing you have to step back and you
have to create space and what what i
mean by create space is a really
difficult and kind of esoteric concept
creating space means
that you have to
[Music]
almost deliberately allow yourself to
not
participate in the actual activity
of
what you're after so in the case of
finding a passion you just don't think
about that at all and instead
you go try to be
as pure in the moment of the things that
you are doing as possible and what
you'll find is that everything you try
you'll have a better relationship with
and more passion to
than you would if you were just trying
to force yourself to decide if you'd
like these things or if this is the
thing you should do for your ever
forever for your career something like
passion
is a
muse it's an artistic concept it's a
creative concept it's out there it's not
it's not something you can you can't go
onto the floor
and start doing carpentry and force
yourself to try to be like like like
think about once you add all the stuff
up like you're like okay well would
could this be a business could i make
money off of this is this something i
could get customers for could i do this
for 20 years your brain is like going to
take all of that and it's going to
paralyze you absolutely by analysis
whereas if you just sit in that moment
like suzuki says and you just experience
the moment as it's meant to be
experienced then every activity you do
will either fill you with passion or it
won't and once once you can actually
distill things down to that simplistic
of a concept and it really is that
simple it really is that simple either
things fill you with passion or they
don't people
as marie kondo would say things spark
joy or they don't there's no in-between
on this it's very simple to to to feel
in a moment that something is going to
inspire you or something's going to make
you feel passionate or you
or it doesn't and the all the
complication comes from the projecting
into the future and the past of all of
our regrets and our failures and
everything and the future of all the
possibilities and the difficulty and
potential challenges
that is the word where the mind
messes [ __ ] up that's where everything
gets complicated it's not complicated
passion is not complicated passion is
very easy and once you just sit in the
moment of something you can start to
identify the kind of person that you are
so for me for example when i started to
create space for my passions i found
that i love reading i find that i love
philosophy i love jiu-jitsu i love hot
yoga i love i love dancing right there's
so many different passions that come
into your life that you should have the
problem of having too many passions if
you've created space and you've allowed
the world to sort of interact with you
instead of you just like forcing
yourself onto the world then you um
start to experience all the real beauty
of these things and and get the passion
of it
let me make a couple more like
assumptions and this is probably
relevant to a lot of people in this
audience you're 25 as you say in um
dallas says he's 25 married with a son
um and working on finishing school
so many of you are young males below the
age of 35. uh this is this segment is
particularly for you
you have a very
um
thrust quest based mindset on going out
into the world because that is that is
very much the animus personality is i
want to go out into the world i want to
conquer i want to change i want to lead
i want to do things it's a natural thing
for every for some extent to everybody
but particularly people that are within
that age group that that male age group
that desire to to thrust into the world
and and make change
you have so much time
when you're 25 if you do nothing but
make mistakes for the next five years
you will be completely fine 30 is still
the absolute beginning of your life so
the first thing that i began to discuss
in this video for everyone was the idea
that you need to create space the second
thing is that you have to justify that
logically that space has to be created
you have to you have to know that you're
not on
a time scale that there there's there's
not this this sense of urgency is
manufactured by society and by all your
friends and your peer groups to tell you
that you have to do these things you
have to focus on these things
immediately this is not the case you
have so much time
even if you are in your 40s
you could begin an entirely new life
there are so many people who have
started a sport who have started a
business and sold it you you can't limit
yourself by these beliefs that you have
to accomplish these things in these time
frames like this is all just totally
arbitrary right you're floating on a
rock spending millions of miles an hour
in space and this is your one chance in
54 billion years
to experience something subjectively
whatever this is right
and to think that you
can't take that day by day to just
experience it instead of going for these
like super arbitrary goals like i need
to make more money i need to get a
career because somebody says i do i have
to find this passion i have to be this
passionate person you don't have to be
anything except what you are in your
exact moment right now
all that is [ __ ] man like you have
to you have to step back from that
that's you have to understand that it's
that mindset it's that it's that forcing
it's that um
it's that overthinking that is causing
that problem you actually have to step
back completely from this process and
totally let the work be done for you
that's a really hard concept for people
to to to figure out because they think
that it's like a spiritual thing they
think that it's like a a woo-woo like
the universe is working for you thing
it's it's not really that right it's
just that your mind
there's an unconscious part of your mind
that works on problems outside of your
conscious mind and it's limited by
stress by the amount of bs that you have
to worry about on a daily basis
by your over training or your fatigue by
the stress protocols in your life the
more that you eliminate those things the
more space you create for that
unconscious mind to to um
to create ideas this is why and not only
to create ideas but also to experience
ideas this is also why when you uh like
a lot of very famous mathematicians will
write down an entire problem on a
notepad they'll put it on their bed like
next to their bed and they'll fall
asleep they'll wake up with with like
halfway to an answer or an answer that
happens all the time uh this is actually
a technique that a lot of entrepreneurs
including myself use where i will go to
sleep with a very tough question i'll
just be like okay how do i solve this
particular sales process in my company
or something like that and i'll go to
sleep with it and a lot of times i'll
wake up with a just a better answer
that's an example of creating space you
let the problem go and it's still there
maybe it's in like a document um so i
have a lot of problems that i'll put in
documents
where i have a week goals month goals
and six month goals and i don't go any
longer than that i have like a a
multi-year vision but it's very very
vague i i again because i'm actually
trying to prevent over-analyzing
overthinking so
if i have a a a very vague goal that i
want to set out for in a month
then i will put that on a piece of paper
and then i will let it go except when i
just remember that that's there and
create space for it and there's a mental
process of creating space for it and
then i'll go do stuff like yoga i'll go
i'll meditate every day i'll read books
like the one that i read you i'll go
exercise i'll go do everything but that
and
or
the most direct interaction with that
process i might do is asking indirect
questions like what are the things in my
life right now that are
really providing passion and value to me
and things that i really enjoy right
like well i might ask myself that
question there's actually a video on
this patreon that is
2080 somewhere you can find it that is
how i do 2080 analysis might even be on
public youtube at this point actually um
and you might you might find that
process very valuable as a process of
exploring
more about yourself
but at 25 years old and even for anybody
else that's listening to this that's
plus 10 years
north of that you have so much time you
could develop an entire new skill set
a completely different perspective you
could be a different person you could
literally just like go live in a
different place and be a completely
different person your life would be five
years is enough to indistinguishably
change your life from what it was before
and and have nothing be similar if you
want it to be
so part of this is understanding how to
create space
to allow these ideas and these new
concepts part of it is also coming to
terms with that rationally and
understanding that you actually
physically have that time this is not
just a spiritual concept that i'm
telling you you physically have that
time in five years you're 30. that's
nothing right i sold clg at uh 32
something like that um
or uh or something somewhere around
there right and uh i didn't really get
started on my career until i was like 27
or 28 and i'm early i'm like i was like
super early
um that was the culmination of a bunch
of skill sets that i built for years
before i i would feel super comfortable
getting to 40 years old
and completely resetting my like someone
just tells me okay you're a new colonist
on this world and you have no skills
you've got to learn but if i have the
drive that i have right now i could pick
myself back up and be
there in a matter of a couple years no
problem the there that like i'm super
confident in that and the point that i
would start to get a little bit worried
is like 60.
60 would be the point where i'd be like
okay i need to start thinking a little
bit more about like how i'm going to
rest and how i at my energy levels and i
need to be worried about that 40 50
years old you still have if you're if
you're following good health protocols
you're completely fine you're you have
so much time to do these things so i
would say um
really step back
and start to think about how you can
create space
particularly focus on activities that
allow space creation so i think that
like yoga is fantastic for this
meditation is phenomenal meditation
groups are phenomenal reading
experiencing new things so any kind of
hobbies go axe throwing right go
ziplining go kayaking did all these
things right and
you might not think that kayaking will
lead to your career right like that it
has nothing to do with it that learning
how to garden plants will
lead to your career and i am here to
tell you that it is exactly what will
lead to what you are doing so much of
who i am today has been defined by my
hobbies and practices that i've gone to
go pursue that i just
i can put i can give you a list of a
million different things i've tried that
i didn't pick up right racquetball
tennis basketball there was a there's a
ton of different things i did in my life
that was just i just showed up for a
class and i wasn't into it it just it
didn't resonate with me it didn't create
that space in me and then one day in los
angeles i showed up for a hot yoga class
and i can't get enough of it i go every
single day kovid was one of the most
difficult things for me only because i
couldn't go to hot yoga and experience
that you may go to ohio you're going to
hate it who knows right but the fact is
you find that passion by doing and by
creating space for it so i hope that's
some thoughts for dallas here in the
mastermind chat and for everybody that
listened to this video i hope this was
helpful and i appreciate you watching it
