so at least every couple of weeks on
this patreon I try to make a video that
is applicable to anybody that is
listening to or watching it and this is
such a video it's quite a challenge to
do that but I think that the issue of
creating pitches and sales strategies
and case studies is ubiquitous to any
professional whether you're a content
creator or you're a business owner and
that is what we're going to be
discussing today specifically how I have
evolved in my sales strategy for
creating these resources for clients to
basically onboard new clients into my
business whether that be sponsors uh in
the case of content creators or whether
it be nowadays I'm just working
exclusively B2B with clients so I want
to run you through a lot of the mistakes
that I've made along that process and
I'm actually going to do that in a kind
of a cool way we're actually going to
look at you uh chronologically and
uniquely at the visuals of the different
companies that I've run and how and
today I think our sales strategy is just
so much better I think I'll save you
hours and hours of time and hundreds and
hundreds of thousands of dollars that I
spent trying to figure out this process
to where I am today so hopefully this
will benefit everybody here so we're
going to do this in two ways the first
thing I'm going to basically build out a
template and show you
exactly the elements that we include in
these and then we're going to go through
visually and we're going to actually
like look at the differences and I think
from there you'll get a whole picture of
how to build these pitches for your
clients and for your for your sponsors
okay so it's important to set this up
with a little bit of Kong text when I
was running nerdfusion with Matt and
this was in like 2019 to 2020 we had
just I'd sold CLG and I was starting a
talent agency basically from the ground
up it felt like a struggle to sell
anything
um this is a similar feeling that I had
at CLG where it always felt like I was
pitching somebody on something they
didn't really want to buy and contrast
that to today where I feel like sales is
the easiest thing I I don't it's so
incredibly easy I I just can't believe I
didn't do it this way before that is the
strategy I'm going to teach you and like
how we evolved into that kind of
business where I have more clients I
know what to do with it I don't really
look for sales in any sort of way and I
think it's deliberately from the lessons
that I've learned as a result of this
journey so let's build let's do the
boring stuff first kind of let's let's
build out like what are the basic
elements of a pitch slash case study so
your objective here right let's make
let's just be really clear on what this
video is doing we we are building a
resource to try to convince somebody to
buy from us right so we are trying to
either sell them a product or a service
if we're a content creator we're trying
to sell them an opportunity to sponsor
us an opportunity to give us money in
exchange for something all these
elements apply to this that's what we're
doing here okay and the very first thing
is something that's not going to
surprise you if you are a regular Devon
Nash listener and that is the element of
Storytelling which is going to overarch
all this so each individual case study
or pitch should focus on one story
and it should be relatable
and it should be a story of how your
company your product or service
solve the problem
the end and each line should be two to
three sentences
leading into the next point
so storytelling is going to be the
overarching theme of everything we do
and we're only going to tell one story
per case study and we're going to tell
one story per pitch one story per deck
that's but it's gonna be our story
ideally it is a story of how you solve
the problem uh and we're gonna get into
like what that means right now so the so
keep in mind the story time for the
overarching basic elements of the pitch
a clear executive summary is going to be
the first part of it this is basically
number one who are you
and what problem do you solve
number two what process do you use to
solve that
number three what makes you different
and number four
keep in mind
they don't care about you
they care about themselves
so this is your most limited section
most people when they do sales this is
their biggest section is all about them
all about their company all about all
the problems they solve or just like
what they're doing at their company
their team you'll see a lot of people
that have like team slides things like
that I will I can't wait to go through
all this stuff visually with you in this
video because you will see like all the
mistakes that I made along those lines
it's just it was just endless mistakes
because I copied like every deck on the
internet and thought that these are the
right ways to do things I never do team
slides anymore I know people don't
really care or I'll put it in like a
tiny corner or somewhere
um who are you what problems do you
solve quite simply and as short as
possible ideally just a couple of
sentences we're a brand agency we solve
the problem of getting you the most
awesome advertisements possible and we
actually get real Impressions and real
conversions for you other than just
 Impressions that you see all
over social media right like we're
really simple okay what process do we
use to solve that we have unique
targeting for influencers where we can
get people who actually love your
products and you can that nobody else
can find right not a talent agency we
don't just go out to a bunch of creators
that we sponsor and whether they're
going to work for your product or not we
literally just go to the best people and
get and connect them okay that's what
makes us different too is we're not a
talent agency we work for the brand
meaning we care about you first right so
that's like that's my pitch I could just
explain it in like two sentences three
sentences whatever you should be able to
explain the problem you solve as a
business
in that amount of time and you might say
well I'm a I'm a
I'm I'm a Creator I'm a content creator
I make YouTube videos like what problem
do I solve well you might be doing
entertainment better in your category
than anybody else you might be providing
informative content better than anybody
else you need to figure that out just as
much as any business needs to figure out
what product or service their their
problem is addressing so you you don't
get away with just like leaving this
executive summary out as a content
creator you still need to Define What
Makes You Different what problem you
solve specifically and that problem
could be hey I'm just a positive I'm a
positivity person come to my broadcast
come to my YouTube channel and you get
the feel good stuff brand friendly
always we're on board right that's like
Co Carnage's unique Solution on Twitch
right you could be just the really funny
guy there's tons of ways different go
about that but you got to think about
that so queer executive summary is the
first thing you're going to put in next
thing you're going to put in is
objective measurable success
and that means a case study or pitch
should always have
metrics like percentage increase in
sales
clients acquired
results
but you might not have these because you
might be building this case study and
your product and service hasn't
demonstrated that kind of stuff in that
case you can do two things you can do
testimonials which is like if you have a
product or service just offer it for
free to some percentage of people you'll
see this on like Steam games all the
time or Amazon stuff like I got paid to
do this review counts the same people
don't really regard it as any different
testimonials is a good way to get around
if you don't actually have results and
number two is you can just do kind of
like more vague metrics like Impressions
or things like that so for like content
creators they're like well I've never
been sponsored or anything like that I
mean you certainly have a number of
views that you're generating you have
positive commentaries so you could say
something like I have over a 90 like
ratio on all of my videos or something
like that you can you can find something
that is like more vague but you should
be as objective as possible ideally
specific and quantifiable results
um with uh oh another one here a third
one that's actually really helpful is
before and after so even if you don't
have any kind of like objective metrics
yet you could say like this particular
we worked with this particular person
for free or we like this person got our
product and before or they were like
this and after they were like this and
there are entire industries that Define
from this marketing strategy for example
Fitness where you how many before and
after pictures have you seen of some
diet or some kind of like book or result
like every testimonial is here was
somebody that was 250 300 pounds they
did this technique the they did the 30
car day so carb diet or Atkins or
whatever and now they are amazing right
that's the before and after marketing so
you can always use that if you don't
have any like objective metrics specific
and quantifiable and then another fun
one is unexpected results
which I like to include which are like
oh like this kind of stuff really
resulted in like something like uh I I
so like for example like let's use the
fitness example I did lose 100 pounds
doing this but I am really surprised by
how mentally clear I am now and my
cognition got so much better I'm so much
better at like teaching my kids math
like you can always offer those like
unexpected results if you don't have the
metrics to kind of back it up and then
the third and last component is going to
be a strong call to action which means
make sure the customer
understands the next step
in the funnel which could be how to
contact you get on a call get on an
email list
buy the product like actually click this
right it's actually insane how many case
studies don't have this
and they just don't tell the customer
what to do next you always want to be in
a sort of leading relationship with your
clients so your client is not going to
necessarily buy just because you
convinced them I mean that sounds like
crazy but really think about that just
because you convince them they may be
totally sold on your product but like
they for whatever reason might have some
kind of barrier to spending they just
may not be committed enough to actually
pull the trigger you have to tell them
what to do so if the next step in your
funnel is go to this website right now
click buy now like you say that you
actually say that don't leave it to
interpretations a huge mistake that most
people do in their pitch and case study
building and also um it's like a a lot
of content creators do this too where
it's like
um hey guys like if you really like the
stream like you should subscribe like to
me that is not good enough if you go
look at like my calls to action
um look at like my patreon call to
action right which is like listen up for
five dollars five dollars you go to
www.patreon.com Devin Nash and sign up
there are over 90 videos there teaching
business and marketing and you can learn
right away if you sign up there on
patreon go support that right like that
is telling somebody directly where to go
directly what to do and directly how to
convert likewise like if I'm on Twitch
or I'm on like a live broadcast I'm not
going to say something like hey
everybody like thanks for being here
consider following the stream I'm gonna
say go down to the bottom right and
click follow right now and for the next
55 if we get 50 to 100 followers I'm
gonna do this right like that kind of
thing is like a very strong call to
action so keep those objectives in mind
all right so now I want to show
uh we're gonna go into the second
section of this and this is all just
going to be kind of talking uh through
some stuff and like visuals I think this
is going to be one of the coolest parts
of this video and I'm pretty excited to
do this because I want to show
some of the stuff that we did beforehand
so I'll open up this one first
and you'll see that this is a uh uh this
is a product K this is a case study from
counter logic gaming former company that
I ran
and you'll see that the first part of it
is this storytelling aspect so at CLG we
were really going for this idea that all
of us were
um kind of a family and and we know we
have the kind of photo shoot like style
pictures of that of everybody kind of
getting together we have the letter with
like the signed authenticity and this
did really well but it's gonna be so
crazy when I show you just like the kind
of sales that I do now compared to this
because this is a very like graphical so
we did like a red AMA and we go through
the clicks that went to the the page
again very objective objectives uh
specific and I'm going to say something
really important here for everybody
listening this is a really complex case
study make sure you stay through the
entire video because I think that you
are going to quickly become overwhelmed
like I said well it's great if you have
like a graphics team uh Windows has been
doing this sorry it's great if you have
like a graphics team or you have like
all these people to design this but I
don't have that I'm going to give you
some tools at the end here that's going
to easily be able to make you use do
these like don't overthink your
presentation and you just stay till the
end of the video because when you see
what I sell now you'll be like oh my God
like I can't like this is so extreme I'd
never do Graphics like this anymore but
this is a a really really great example
of a case study where you can see like
I've got like average Impressions per
tweet I've got click-throughs I've got
actual engagement I've got some
description of like what we specifically
did so I'm basically following this
rubric exactly right that I showed you
in the notepad number one I'm doing the
storytelling the storytelling is like
the family uh aspect of it I have a
clear executive summary of who we are
and then I have objective measurable
success over and over and over again
okay so this is like case studying
number one and and again this is like so
far from what I actually do now okay so
if we go and look at some like I'll show
you this too so this is just like a
one-pager you can get done on like
Fiverr of in 2016 what our social media
growth was and again like I just can't
believe that my sales strategy was like
this like this is like insane to me
there's so much information on this page
that I don't know as a client how I
would interact with it but that's like
the evolution of marketing like what I'm
doing here is I want you to remember
these case studies because I'm going to
be showing you what we do at Novo now
and and the difference of it and you're
gonna be like okay hopefully you get
like the thing I'm trying to teach here
so let's go over to Novo early Novo when
I'm transitioning from a TA to a brand
agency and like what are the kind of um
stuff we did so here's a case study for
extra life which is a charity event that
we run every year out of Novo
um I don't usually like to talk about
the kind of stuff we do I'm just doing
it in the in the uh in the context of
this video because this is a case study
you can see that it's like much more
simple much more driven towards text but
still has some of the aspects of um the
the case studies that we did before but
again you have objective metrics how
much money we raised donations
um and who we are and what we do uh for
that charity but you also see that it's
much more focused on them we basically
don't talk about Novo at all we talk
about
um we talk about the Children's Miracle
Network immediately okay
um likewise I'll show you this case
study which is a template that we ran
again just got this done on Fiverr I
think it cost us like 180 bucks or
something and this was early Novo you'll
see this was a pitch to Atlas VPN so
again following that rubric of this is
your influencer marketing solution I
actually still think this is a pretty
good uh deck or or pitch
um basically this is exactly what we do
we're an end-to-end creative agency that
builds custom campaigns for twitch
YouTube Tick Tock and other media here
are the two so this is the only section
of this entire deck that I have
dedicated to our team and the only
reason I put this in here is because I
think it adds a lot of context for
brands that we are actually influencers
ourselves on these platforms thus I
thought it was pretty important to put
that in there
and and indeed a lot of brands have have
commented on that
um as such I have a sales uh Point here
of the only agency built by top one
percent creators uh then we have just a
very simple how it works so remember
when I describe you'll see this follows
the rubric exactly uh describe who you
are what problem you solve so we're an
influencer marketing solution we're
solving influencer marketing for people
how does the process work so that's the
second section right here here you go
our domain experts interview you we
figure out what you need to do and what
budget you need we analyze the project
we execute bam case studies and results
here are some of the case studies that
we run why advertise here here's some of
the studies that we actually show bam
done contact us uh right here uh it's
worth noting you might say well that's
not like a very strong call to action
this is sent always sent in an email
Cadence where we already know how we're
going to follow up with the brand so we
don't have a very strong call to action
here it just reminds people in case the
reason why this is here is in case this
deck somehow gets sent to a friend or
gets sent somewhere they know how to
contact and then we get them into the
funnel but we um we have a they're
already into the funnel at this process
and we don't like really care so now I'm
going to show you what we actually just
do to sell at this point
um and I think this will surprise you if
this is the right uh document
yeah so here's our current service
proposal this is like if I'm gonna sell
to somebody this is what I send them
today
okay so we have a who we are uh we have
a what we do so again it follows the
rubric
who we are is we're top Creator
influence a blah blah and then we
literally just put the company we say
the campaign we're running
um here's the primary goal of the
campaign now we base this off of like uh
our communication with them so they
might say yeah I really want Impressions
I just want a lot of exposure for my
video game or I want to avoid exposure
for my product or they might say hey I'm
just like a real estate person I really
want a high conversion on my product
great um we'll put that in the primary
and we'll have some secondary kpis like
uh maybe around brand enforcement or
whatever okay
um and then I have the budget and
timeline so here's how much it actually
costs
and here's what what's gonna happen it's
gonna be a full end execution
uh and then there's gonna be an NCT of
exactly what you do to buy uh which will
be like our next follow-up call or
whatever okay
um so
the the dramatic difference in the way
that I sell and do pitches in case
studies now it I don't like really send
like you're gonna have a lot of people
like this flies in the face of like
everybody that does sales like people
that have done a lot of sales will be
like what the hell is this like what is
this like this is like literally like a
document I literally just send them the
thing they're gonna buy uh and all my
sales strategy nowadays is that too so
um if I get on the phone with somebody
now
all I'm really trying to do is qualify
if I can solve their problem if I can't
solve their problem I just tell them no
and I just like I I literally interview
them right so I so all of my sales
process in in the past has been like
convincing people why they should buy
this thing and now I never do that like
I assume if you are on the phone with me
that there's there's two possibilities
either you are an unqualified client in
which case I will just try to help you
and say our services are not for you
either you don't meet our minimums or we
just can't solve the problem you have or
you don't need influencer Marketing in
which case like okay no problem and that
would be equivalent like imagine
yourself as like a content creator and
you're like well I just you're not the
sponsor for me right like this is just
not something that I really am
interested in or that I really want to
advertise or they are a qualified client
okay if you're a qualified client then
great I'm just going to tell you how
we're gonna do it like everything else
is implicit in it you can ask questions
but I have already assumed the sale
that's that's the difference now I I I
already know I can solve your problem if
you're a qualified client for Novo and
we want to work with you then I can
solve your problem and I could do it
better than anybody otherwise why would
I be doing this product right like why
would I have built this company
or this product or this service why
would you have built this thing if you
don't believe in this part of the
process like who you are what problem do
you solve what process do you use and
What Makes You Different so I believe we
solved the problem of influencer
marketing pretty much better than almost
anybody there are other people that
solve it
um but they don't solve it in the way
that we solve it
a combination of technological and
experiential expertise that I don't
think has matched in the industry and we
deliberately built our product that we
spent a whole year building our product
to to do that right so from there what
am I trying to sell like a a person is
basically all I'm trying to determine is
do you have the problem
so if you come
at sales from that perspective
uh I no longer send decks I no longer
send case studies I no longer send
testimonials
in the event that a person doesn't
believe that I can do my service why am
I on the phone with them in the first
place right
so that is a a drastically different
mentality than I've had and I I can tell
you like sales fly off the shelves and
our clients are appropriately very
pleased with what we do so the the way
that you can apply this is when you
build out your offer you need the first
thing you need to do and you need to
understand is you need to orient
yourself towards what your product and
service is more than anything else you
need to spend more time on that than you
ever spend on anything else on
testimonials on sales on everything you
have to completely understand that
you get to completely understand the
problem or problems you're solving for a
specific clientele and you have to
understand that you are not solving all
problems right so for example if a
person comes to Novo if a client comes
to Novo and they want a exclusively
roast based return where like all they
want is product conversions there are a
lot of instances where I don't take
those deals because I don't think I can
solve that problem it like there are
plenty of other businesses like
affiliate marketing or pay-per-click
that might be better for them fine right
like do not seek to try to solve every
single problem because you don't need to
be like a trillion dollar company you
don't need to like try to solve or to
have the staff or or like you'll just
spread yourself so thin you'll be a thin
wet noodle you'll spaghettify right
versus like understanding the core
problem that you're trying to sell and
then selling it it you just stay in your
lane the whole time and I think more and
more of my life has been about this
specificity where I was talking a little
bit about this in like my in in The
Mastermind section
on last week's uh on last week's
Mastermind where I was just saying like
a lot of people think that I'm a really
intelligent person but actually I just
really focus on like two things which is
like I really focus on like personal
health and medicine and personal
Improvement like that that's so Fitness
and and health and that like whole at
that whole like aspect of things and
then I really focus on marketing and
Business Development specifically
business development in terms of
marketing and then that's it like like
there's all kinds of stuff about like
engineering and Science and and politics
and
um a million billion different things
that I don't know I just I just don't
understand uh and but because I stay in
my lane on these things I I sound really
smart when I'm talking about these
things because that's all I do I read
books about it I think about it likewise
when I'm in my product and I'm in my
circle right like I am the expert at
solving the problem that we're on the
phone about so I I'm going to come off
as completely confident because I'm I'm
right that's all I spend my time doing
and that confidence I think gets gets
portrayed to my to the clients and that
I I really believe at my core that I can
solve these problems and then every time
I do something for a client it it
reinforces that belief right when we're
successful which is almost all the time
so
my mindset on this has changed and I
hope I've properly communicated I hope
I'm properly transferring that mindset
over to you that the traditional idea of
sales and product pitches
is like
trying to convince a person first like
that they have a problem
educating them that they and this is
like where we were when we were trying
to sell like okay first like did you
know you even have a problem like you
have you have to do marketing right like
so if you have to do marketing hear all
the different types of marketing if
you're going to do any kind of marketing
well here's why influencer marketing is
like better than other ones and then if
you're going to do that well here's why
you should work with us oh my God it's
like so much education whereas like I
already presume that you're on the phone
with me now today because you understand
that you have a problem and I
ask you directly what those problems are
I'll just say like what are you running
into what what are the situations what
do you want to accomplish and then it's
the question the only question becomes
do we do that or not right do we do we
accomplish that goal or not what do you
want to do well I really want to get in
front of a lot of people okay I can help
you with that yeah that's what we do
right
um
so most people think that they need to
spend a lot of time trying to think
about their customer but I don't think
about my customer at all I don't really
care what my customer
um like what my customer demographic is
I just care about the problem that I'm
trying to solve and that my customer has
that problem so I'm going that's not to
say that I don't take the time to really
understand my customer after my customer
is qualified I will I we take an
enormous amount of time usually we build
like a 60 to 80 page strategy just for
that customer individually not templated
like straight up for for that for that
customer just to try to solve this
problem and we're doing that on a really
high minimum because because people are
spending a minimum of 50 to 100 000 with
us so we're we're really on the point
with that
but
um I don't really like think outside of
that about like what my customers might
do or like what their products or
Services is I just think about our
product and our service and what
problems it solves so if you start from
that position
I I just I I want to talk to some
content creators here because maybe that
you could make that
you can make this jump
the difference between like a 5000 CCU
twitch streamer that is just kind of
running a variety game stream or you're
just streaming one game whatever you're
doing
and a person that has that same
viewership but has a theme
and like that the community and you
really understand what that theme is
like we are Bar None like the custom
fortnite game makers we do this better
than anybody or we run more Community
run tournaments we do more giveaways
like you have to figure out what problem
that is that you solve we build better
community that was always like the one I
came in from right was like I really
want our community to be professional I
want the chat to be a place where you
can go when I was live streaming where
you can go and you can like get
something of value you'll see that those
values are also conveyed like places
like my Discord right I want the
discourse on my Discord to be pretty
good I want to be pretty high level so
like a person goes there and reads it
they get something out of it
um that that's a unique offering of that
Discord that I that I think that a lot
of discords don't have right so you have
to think about through that with your
product or your service offering
um and and maybe you're doing a service
like you're doing um window cleaning for
somebody or something as simple as that
right maybe your extra thing is you
leave like like a couple of chocolates
there with a thank you card on every
client right that's like something that
differentiates you immediately there are
tons of ways to do this if you're
looking if you're in retail and you're
looking for ways to do this I'm sorry
you're in like ground brick and mortar
you should read a book called um how to
get everything you can out of all you
got by Jay Abram which has like a
million of these ideas of how to like do
little upsells on top of running a
hardware store or running a pet store or
something a million different ways you
can differentiate immediately to get
like people out of their head they're
like wow that's something that's like
really unique so once you define that
then you really can just sell it like
you just issue it with confidence and um
some of the case studies that I provided
here can give you some ideas but like
what I'll leave you with is just like if
you just look at this this is a Google
doc I I mean the biggest change I have
here is that uh this font is 26 size
font
I I just don't care about presentation
I'm gonna tell you exactly what I do and
I also do some crazy stuff like I
literally just tell you the budget
here's the price right like this is what
it costs I expect you to pay it
um here's what you get for it very
simple right non-negotiable this is just
like and here's exactly what the next
steps are
and this has changed my entire business
from feeling like I'm crawling for
clients and I'm just desperate to I have
more sales I know what to do with so
sell with absolute confidence understand
your product and service and don't think
too much about the presentation it's
great I mean like yeah you can go on
five or spend 200 bucks but those decks
I I really look back at like all the
deals that I've signed over the course
of the last
I don't know five ten years
I can't tell you
if ever like it was like a graphic deck
that I made that like really pushed
somebody over the edge and said I'm
gonna buy with these guys I I think
rather it was the it was like me not
knowing when I really had a product
brand fit
and and I think one of the reasons why a
lot of people struggle with like
sponsorships is because they're just
another influencer or company in a sea
of companies that do the same product or
service that they do if you're gonna
compare even even in the top one percent
if you compare yourself to every 1 000
to 10 000 CCV live streamer or 100 000
to 200 000 subscriber YouTube channel or
one million subscriber YouTube channel
there's thousands of channels like that
you know like we run across them every
day it's not enough you have to
differentiate yourself in some like
really meaningful way and tell people
about that different differentiation and
why it matters to them in in the
perspective of their company okay so I
hope this helps out and uh gives
everybody some really cool stuff to
think about and I hope you use this
stuff to build your own sales resources
for your businesses and succeed thanks
bye
