the speaker here in the uh in the
classroom okay a good amount of folks
here in the classroom as well so
okay do you need me to share my screen
for the slides
um
that'll be good
because you got the full setup
i got you i don't know it looks like you
have a pretty good setup there brought
all your stuff it's a good mix also i
learned you can move the camera which is
hype
wow
wow
oh my god this is 20
21.
the true terror technology oh my god i
love it geez i think in 2014 i actually
set up all those projectors in those
rooms back at asus oh my gosh wow a
different time
graduated high school in 2014
[Laughter]
a little off how's it going by the way
folks
dude we're we're doing phenomenal how
are you nice to meet you well yeah you
as well
what are you drinking
oh just water
all right
good talk
nothing too crazy
[Music]
i am going to
mark it's it's fine
yeah we're good we'll fix it yeah i'm
gonna share this increase the volume so
it can be heard now thankful okay great
i want this listen
all right and then you can share the
slides there you go
go ahead and get started whenever you're
ready
awesome you're sharing the slides right
yeah can you see it
i cannot
unless my thing is being glitchy
um could very well be this is being
glitchy because you're not losing
anymore
let me turn off this cam maybe that
helps you
uh i can see that slides if you click on
discord on your name
i think you have to join the stream
slide cam
sorry guys it's their second time doing
oh my god is that going to screw up it
is going to screw up jesus and
there you go you got it
no it's it's all it's horrible hang on
i gotta switch discord video input
awesome
well thank you uh thank you everyone
who's joining from discord and joining
in person we have a pretty sizable crowd
in person i think it's a little bigger
than last week but um thank you all for
coming on in to this meeting we're the
asu esports business association not
exclusive to business but
the goal is to help people find uh
careers in esports and gaming if you're
here last week you know the spiel i'm
going to say the same spiel because
different people come and go each week
but this week specifically we're focused
on business and so
um
move on to the next slide joy we have
our folks here um this is the kind of
the order that we proposed last time and
we're sticking to this order right now
so this week's business we're going to
go over some arts so probably some like
graphic design roles like that art
designer for games engineering i think
the most applicable here is software
engineering to actually build the games
and then we're going to do some law so
anything related to esports law
gaming law and then our last one we're
going to do a triple with healthcare
arts again very popular in education so
this will take place 6 p.m arizona time
once again and then we can introduce the
speakers very briefly today um
right now so i think we move on next
slide oh that's up again we'll just go
through this we can skip this because
they've seen this before as well
um
yes our guest speakers here
believe
wrong slides okay well our speakers
today um are going to be nathan stanz
and devin nash nathan is a currently a
full-time streamer was formerly the gm
of genji esports he's an asu islam as
well so love to see our sun devils here
and nev devon nash as well he um has
been gm i believe of uh clg in the past
and now ceo of nova
ceo okay there we go i apologize devin
yeah and here we are now
[Applause]
[Music]
we're lacking of innovation now oh no
um yeah we'll switch on over to the
actual um speakers now and we
and i think joy you can stop showing
your screen if you'd like
we'll just go on with the questions so
we have
a few questions lined up for the folks
and if you have any questions please
submit it in discord as well we'll get
those answered at the end yo does my cam
not work
it's not seeming to work nice i see you
which is weird yeah
maybe i need to join in again
yeah give you know what
let's try i'll i'll leave and join again
and then there were two
everybody just leaves
[Music]
i think we're here
all right here we go hey there we go
yeah everyone's here now awesome
so very nice thank you so much for
joining devin and nathan today um just
briefly if you guys can both introduce
you know yourselves explain who you are
what you do and uh who you work for or
who uh what you if you don't work for
anyone what that entails
at the moment and uh we can start with
nathan i guess you got it yeah my name
is nathan stanz as mark said i'm a
former sun devil myself i did political
science from 2010 to 2014 with
aspirations of going to law school
realized i hated political science law
and school so decided to leave work in
esports my first esports job was for
team liquid as a project manager worked
my way up to director of esports and
then floated around different business
gaming
startups for the next three or four
years until i ended up on gen g i was
genji's first western general manager
where i launched our fortnite cs go
valorant team and in this february
actually left to start
content creating full time which has
been a a whirlwind a lot of fun
thank you nathan how about yourself
devin hey what's up asu we had some
audience participation how you guys
doing
good how are you there we go that's
right all right i love that energy let's
go yeah
uh i don't know i'm devin uh i
talk about
the industry
digital media and stuff like that um
what did i do i don't know i got started
in these sports in a team called team
dignitas so it's me an og british guy
named odie and we uh
started the lcs team and did a bunch of
stuff and then i uh eventually basically
i volunteered there because i you know
like we couldn't afford anything so i
volunteered until i emailed enough
sponsors to pay for my salary and then i
eventually became the manager of the
whole thing and then i left there became
a ceo of clg started that whole thing
kind of logic gaming number two esports
team when i was there okay after i leave
i take no responsibility for what
happened because god knows i don't know
uh we sold that company to madison
square garden in 2019
and then i went to run an agency which i
do now called novo so i run an agency
with a another business partner we
represent a bunch of brands amazon
twitch um hp all kinds of good people
like that and uh we do stuff for brands
creative agencies so we run like um
digital media for them like if you want
an ad on twitch or you want to add on
amazon or facebook or something we do
that ad and we also connect influencers
together with brands to make sure that
happens and and orgs so i do that um
that's cool and then on my off time i
create videos yelling about why twitch
is bad and sometimes
esports and why especially today yeah
paid boosting on twitches yeah i have so
much dude every single time the news
cycle is light i can always rely on
twitch to release some dog [ __ ] future
can i curse here that's a huge
guys yeah yeah oh thank god oh we're so
good yeah
so like yeah i could always rely on
twitch to release some dog [ __ ] futures
like like that yeah like because this
twitch thing that just came in like
nathan said it's like you can pay to win
basically to like boost on streams this
is absurd
i'm sure there'll be some cursing
throughout so that'll be fun um so devin
just wanted to ask you a question right
so given your background in psychology
and business yeah what motivated you to
uh make the move into esports
oh i get in trouble for this at colleges
if i say that like my so you're he's
referring to my degrees i have a degree
in psychology and business and like none
of those were really applicable to
esports but that's not to say that like
my time in co now i'm caveating because
i i had this so i was giving a talk at
uw and i was keto
and uh the director of student life was
in the audience and somebody asked me a
question that was like so why like what
did you get out of college and i'm like
i don't know i don't really think
through the answer i was like i don't
know man i just did a ton of mushrooms
and like just sat in the back of class
and played starcraft and then like i was
like and like it turns out i didn't get
invited back to uw the next year so i
had to rethink this answer and the truth
is like college is like immensely
valuable because it gave me four years
to actually like learn how to learn and
and to develop skills so in that sense
it helped my esports career but the
degrees themselves the background in
psychology and business look i was
full-time content creating from like
2015 to 2000 no to from 2012 like og
justin tv to 2015. and then i was like
this is cool because nathan and i went
backwards because like where like
because where you're at you became a
full-time content creator where i'm at
is i'm like jesus christ this is the
last thing i want to do because i i
didn't want to i didn't want to tie my
income to platforms right so i figured
i'd i'd have to branch out i've always
been an entrepreneur i started my first
company selling ebooks when i was 16.
and so i was like okay well what's
interesting well i think that to to
address uh who's the the dude they asked
me the question what's your name
uh that's mark mark mark okay so so to
address mark there the the psychology of
esports is really fascinating and back
in the day we didn't have player coaches
um like like player coaches were just
not a thing now it's like a thing you
got like two coaches on it for every
team and you have therapists you have
all kinds of cool stuff but that wasn't
a thing in esports so the idea of like
what makes a player win is super
interesting well it turns out it's like
it's much more mental than a lot of
other like sports that are physical
right obviously so there's a lot more uh
support mentally that we can give
whether it's mental health or whether
it's optimization self-improvement
visualization meditation stuff like that
that has opened up a whole new realm of
things in esports and and that was why i
started to get into it actually was
because i was really curious like how do
we optimize player performance in a way
that
that like is kind of like taking it to
the next level and this is like just
before the lcs
made it mandatory to have coaches at the
time we had like a whole korean team
coaching so like um i i paid a guy this
is a true story i paid a guy to dress up
in a big bird costume they made a stand
on uh on the stage while our coaches
were remote we didn't need someone to
stand but we had to have someone stand
there so i paid a person to stand up in
a big bird costume for dignitas but he
got caught by the metal detector they
never got in as a whole thing
but anyway yeah that's why i got
interested because like i think the
psychology behind esports and like
player optimization is super interesting
i think there's been a lot of investment
put into that these past few years so
yeah i think it's definitely a growing
space and uh
um hopefully we'll have someone who
actually does that full-time come in for
uh one of our healthcare ones right yeah
if you need some references i know some
people i'll get you somebody yeah
there you go speaker's helping us
already um well nathan do i call you
nathan i'll call you stan what do you
prefer yeah yeah you can call me nathan
stanz i would neither of them are are
crude and will upset me so feel free
i hope neither would i feel like both of
your names so um yeah so you've been in
a variety of esports awards like you
just mentioned right how did you get
started on the business side of those
given you said you studied political
science right
yeah i will say you know it it would be
very easy for me to say oh man i was
like on the cutting edge of esports
coming out of college and i learned all
these things and got a job and helped
develop it to the next level i got very
lucky the scene and in the same way that
devon was talking about when he joined
dignitas like you do things as a
volunteer so i was a volunteer writer
for the collegiate star league i wrote
articles that i'm confident i didn't
even read right there was like literally
no value coming out of this but in
getting a four-year degree i was able to
at least convince steve ahrenset who was
at the time with team curse that i would
be someone to take a flyer on for a
project management role so when i was at
asu i competed on our league of legends
team our starcraft team too but i was
really bad and we actually won ivy law
which is now the riot collegiate
tournament they absorbed that and so i
was able to say hey i've played on a
league of legends team i understand how
it works with players i have a four-year
degree so i know how to write an email
use proper punctuation you should let me
do something he brought me in as a
project manager and then two weeks later
because so many of the candidates were
bad at the time he promoted me to
director of esports yeah we worked
together for a year so i would say that
a lot you know timing the market worked
for me even though i had a political
science degree a little bit of baseline
esports knowledge and the ability to not
drool on my dress shirt as i went to
sponsor meetings was enough
well dang
so email etiquette number one thing to
learn right machines
basic professionalism but yeah yeah
etiquette or resume like if you spell
something wrong on a resume these are
things that professors will tell you or
people will tell you but it is very easy
to weed out people that have not taken
even five minutes to polish a resume an
email a meeting if they come unprepared
they don't know what games your team is
in things like that i've had coaches
that have applied to coach gen g that
had never played the esport themselves
they said hey i'm a baseball coach i'm a
basketball coach i want to do this so i
think that a baseline level of esports
knowledge and professionalism can take
you a long way you ever get any of those
emails from like at clg i'd get like 120
of those like a day i was like average
120 every week and they would say hey
i'm so happy to be able to apply to join
team liquid and it's on clg
and they didn't copy and paste the [ __ ]
yet
i mean at least you guys were clg at the
time clg was like the big organization
in north america along with tsm for a
long time gen g coming from the asian
countries our first teams were korea and
china yeah most teams you know spell our
name wrong capitalize the wrong things
not put the punctuation and it was those
are things that you should be able to
fix before you let anything fly
yeah there's by going to an esports
associate business association meeting i
feel like you guys are the kind of folks
that would put in the extra five minutes
well i don't know they're all they're
probably all degenerates man they're at
asu
[Laughter]
she switched all my classes to online
for my junior and senior year and i
probably played about nine hours of
league of legends a day because at the
time i wanted to be a professional gamer
um took the lsat
realized that i wasn't doing very well
in school also wasn't doing very well in
solo queue you know hitting like top
1000 but nowhere near good enough to
play in like real scrims um and so i
started sending out those emails and
that's when i met steve
yeah i was like back when email outreach
was a thing right like like i don't even
know for especially for major orgs
there's there's a there's a huge lesson
here of value and like like the gen g
versus uh liquid story which like if you
sent a message to steve aaronson today
probably not get anything back but like
those orcs like gen g and and the ones
that nathan are talking about those
smaller orgs that have like less of a
footprint and are not just like the top
five like whatever you can there's still
ways in my opinion there's still like
cold outreach those things works and
it's like hey i've got a skill set i've
got something i can provide value to you
for and i'll do it for a very low cost
slash indentured servitude and like okay
like like i think there's a lot of
people that would hear that out and and
that's that's a really good end to
esports because but you'll notice one of
the consistencies with nathan knight's
story is like we both started at a very
low level in esports and then came up
somewhere and that's that's gonna be a
trend like to get in i think there's a
lot of value there
totally um
yeah and i think a lot of people might
go to like esl dreamhack those type of
events also they're really good for
getting immersed in that space um so
both of you right you both worked in a
variety of orgs what has been your
favorite and least favorite thing
working in esports
so far
oh man favorite and least favorite uh
well i know what my favorite is because
when this went away i literally quit my
job my favorite part about esports was
going to the events the camaraderie
between players getting to go up on
stage holding the trophy like that sport
aspect that exciting aspect that ability
to compete in the event uh live was by
far my favorite part of esports because
during kovid um as we were doing online
only as our players were playing in
events uh even whole tournaments online
and complaining about lag and paying and
we were really trying to solve these
issues the joy of you know holding up a
trophy or cup kind of went away and and
really sapped my my will to live in
esports
i'd say um
hmm
i think the the most difficult and also
most favorite thing i'll answer with one
is player management
so on one hand um i really used to love
the ecosystem of esports which was very
like like the amount of liability laws
that we broke at all these organizations
that like when you sell a company and
mergers and acquisitions you have to do
a process called disclosures which means
i sit in a room like as the leader of
the company and i say here are all the
things that i did is that are legal so
that when i leave this company you
cannot sue me for these things because i
told you okay and that was everything
from like we buried bodies in the
backyard of animals uh we we we did we
we've had like tons of health code
violations we were we were we were
bribing a uh cisco truck to drive a
pallet of food to feed 55 people um
actually over 100 people at one point
onto oh i could just go through this
entire list it was it was like that was
the esports feel back in the day where
these gaming houses people in them that
um
it was just a really good feel and at
the same time i mean i had knocks on my
door at two in the morning that um
were like hey i need to go to the
emergency room i put my hand through a
window or whatever and so there was that
right the amount of the amount of mold
or bacon fires or clouds of flies or
on several different occasions that i
can tell you about was exasperating but
at the same time very endearing
and so i both love and and miss that
part of esports which we've now entered
and is increasingly becoming this more
sort of franchised like very about the
money kind of feel uh that i don't
personally like and is why i moved over
to the agency world so i could directly
deal with brands and influencers because
i thought that was more authentic um
there's still a lot of value to be had
in esports particularly in the smaller
places where i think like the real gems
are like the smash communities and like
the like the the less like sort of like
franchise like centralized stuff where
you can get like real passion because
like to nathan's point the passion about
the game is [ __ ] why you're in
esports like it's it's that it's that up
and down i feel like a lot of that has
been normalized from uh just just
because of money and franchising like
we're we're not focusing so much on the
storytelling anymore which kind of sucks
totally it's funny because i got into
esports with team curse team liquid uh
you know i was right out of college i
love it i love the players i want to
hang out with them i want to do all
these things and then you spend a lot of
time with them and you start getting
angry at the boy boys of the world and
you're like i can't i can't imagine that
someone would make these decisions or
make my job so hard and so i went away
and i joined patreon and i worked at gmr
and did like traditional sports
marketing and then i said ah man i kind
of miss those knuckleheads and i go back
to gen g and then you spend i spent
three years there and at the end of the
time i'm like pulling my hair out again
what are these players yeah and so it's
it's definitely a love-hate relationship
in the player management plus i can do
it without him well it's also the
storytelling too because you vibe with
that because in on liquid they had one
up studios at the time which was damien
right and they were telling these like
very
uh amazing narratives of like liquid and
like the story of like liquid and you
also saw that coming out of tsm and like
clg i think we were like trying i was
hiring so many people to try to solve
this problem i don't think we ever
solved the content problem at clg to
this day but that was one of the
endearing things about esports was the
narratives and in the early lcs
everybody remembers tsm versus clg in
2015 in madison square garden and like
these days like a lot of those stories
are played out because it's become so
much about franchising it's become so
much about like money making and
monetization
it's very similar to a lot of the
problems we're seeing on twitch right
now that like the actual narrative the
culture of it is is suffering because of
that but it's still alive and well in
like the fgc community
and and and that's like where you go
like where i'm still like really excited
about esports
yeah there's a lot of i think
development um
in a lot of places and we could talk
days about nintendo and esports but that
would be a whole that would be a whole
second conversation
us um yeah
i i think then both of you maybe mention
it right uh nathan you might have
mentioned uh holding up the trophy and
and devin the the
uh
hand through the window but what has
been uh you know your most memorable
moment with a team
um from your organization
yeah i'll all stay positive because i
want to look back fondly on all of my
time in esports
perfect exactly we can do a good cup bad
cup here i will say that you know we won
a lot of tournaments both small and some
larger but by far my most proud moment
in esports and the moment that i wish i
could live again was the team that i
brought for genji so obviously we had
these korean teams we bought some world
champions in different games and heroes
the storm in league of legends money was
being spent hand over fist but i decided
to start in north america with fortnite
and because fortnite was a feeding
frenzy amongst the phases and all the
optics everyone's trying to sign like 16
year old white gamer we thought hey
let's try and build a business around it
with a sponsor in bumble and so we
signed a women's fortnight team our
first two players tina and maddie and
about what was it nine months a year in
tina became the first uh girl or woman
to win a fortnight land by winning
twitchcon and it was by far the proudest
moment of my life it was taking a team
and players she grew up in kyle texas
which is a population in the thousands
um you know someone who had watched call
of duty montages and wanted to do
esports but didn't know how i flew her
out to san francisco we met her parents
signed the contract everything kind of
culminated in this big moment for both
her me and even fortnite as a whole
hopefully for women in gaming you know a
lot of people have told me that that was
like a moment that they believed that
they could do it and it's something that
i i really enjoyed and really look back
on fondly
that's awesome it's a good good answer
um yeah i tell you so sick i mean women
in esports you try your best and a lot
of times it doesn't quite you can't
quite get over that hump and it was like
the one time where the lightning struck
we we flipped heads three times in a row
and it worked it was awesome that is
sick yeah i started a team called clg
red with my business partner george and
like we didn't we yeah we never had like
a moment like that but it was that
that's like so cool to hear like that
you brought that into fortnite that's
right that's rocking i love that um i
could tell a story if you want
let's hear it okay
the most memorable moment in esports
okay uh how many of you all remember
2000 like
15-ish dignitas like kiwi kid i'm a
cutie pie anybody in the audience raise
your hand all right we got like yeah all
you all are like oh geez okay cool like
dude you'll love this story this story
is for you okay all right so we're we're
in a we're in a house in um like la i
think this is uh we're on some uh long
beach is where we are like just randomly
so far outside of santa monica we're
driving like an hour every time to go to
the lcs okay
and this is like if anybody knows i'm a
cutie pie like this dude has hair
like for days going down to like his
ankles and so you just like i think
they're still finding hair in that house
probably owned by like two different
people
since then
so cleaning is a nightmare in this house
and uh you know there's the offseason
for the lcs so
i usually come every week at that time i
was just like showing up every week
staying over on the weekends sleeping on
the couch whatever just like super og
esports [ __ ]
and uh i started noticing there's like
these little flies buzzing around
and and i'm like and the players are
playing hearthstone or solo queue and
i'm like guys what are these these flies
doing there i don't know they just
showed up one day
and i'm like okay
well all right so i i walk over i walk
around the kitchen and i find this like
um like bag of potatoes that's gain
sentience and they have like these um
they have like these like roots coming
out of them i picked that up and there's
like a bunch of flies around that and i
but that's not it that's not the source
of the fly so i'm like man what is going
on
so um i i i walk over across like the
hallway and i'm going to the garage and
the flies are getting stronger okay it's
like nurgle warhammer 40k [ __ ] at this
point okay like we're like i'm going
over and i open the door of the garage
word of god i get hit by a [ __ ] wall
of flies okay it's just basically
i'm like
close the door i like rush over to all
the what the is going on in there though
i don't know man so apparently they for
like like the off season they had been
taking the trash bags and they were
throwing them into the garage okay and
so like the entire
ground is like some horror movie and
like i opened the garage door okay and i
i it's like these bugs like come out we
had some dx racer chairs in there they
got eaten they
the bugs ate the boxes okay there's so
much trash in here so i'm like what the
[ __ ] do i do about this do i call
[ __ ] hazmat right like i don't know
so i call like i google like cleaners
and then these two like poor hispanic
guys like come up and they take one look
at this thing and they come up in a
truck same day like i'm like i'll pay
you anything and they're like no no and
they get in their car and they [ __ ]
leave
okay so like i'm like jeez like what are
we gonna do okay so i like so at the end
of the day like we take a hose and kiwi
kid like he just like like lifts up his
ankles and he's like walking through
this like these bugs picking up these
trash cans we used every trash can on
the entire like area like like all the
way down everybody else's trash cans and
my most memorable moment in esports is
kiwi kid holding two bags of trash in
his sandals with bugs and everything on
him and he looks at me straight in the
eyes and he goes i love my life
[Laughter]
and we did clean it up i mean it was a
nightmare um it was it was a whole thing
and i i mean
that's like an example like when nathan
and i are talking about like player
management that that's like
that's not even my worst story man
more common occurrence than esports than
you would like to admit yeah there's a
lot of like basic functions that you
assume a human being would have to throw
out the window it's good because the
four years i've worked in esports the
more i realized like no like let's set
expectations down to trash has to go in
a garbage can yeah that's a good that's
a good place to start
yeah
yeah yeah that was the most memorable
time in esports uh uh uh a second a
second close one was uh standing on the
stage at madison square garden when we
won in front of 24 000 people was just
like like i was like how many people in
the world get to do this it was like so
cool that's like but the i love my life
with the bags of trash some that's stuck
in there that'll be in your brain for a
while yeah
i feel like how many people uh get to
see all those bugs you know yeah yeah
i don't think the common thing um
transitioning from the esports side
right
maybe a little more mature now the folks
that you're working with moving over to
an agency what business aspects do you
see more emphasized um in your work and
and where do you think the industry
could be doing better in regards to
working with like talent and brands
which industry
uh the gaming and esports industry so
your question is
can you like reword your question
like what what exactly are you looking
for
i guess like what what business aspects
um of
like the esports org side yeah more
emphasized and working on an agency
we'll just start with that question for
now so basically like what's the
difference between working in the
esports org and an agency
yeah yeah esports orgs are weird because
most of them represent players as
agencies but they don't have the
sophistication to be an agency
themselves so they don't typically have
the outbound or the sales people or this
or like the business development and i
think many orgs are probably trying to
do too many things and this reflects in
like there's a lot of weird weirdities
okay so like for example if you're gonna
assign to an esports time team 99.9
percent of the time you're signing
exclusively to that team which means
that that team is the sole people that
represent you versus like an agency
where sometimes you might sign for
exclusivity but also we just pitch every
i just pitch all influencers i go to
other agencies all the time we rep
brands here so i'll go to a brand like
amazon and i'll say hey do you want to
do something for new world they'll be
like yeah i need 20 influencers i'll go
find 20 influencers i don't care if
they're on my roster or not right so
i i think esports teams suffer a little
bit from trying to do too much and i've
never understood the aspect of like very
few esports teams nail it in a business
sense okay like they're they're very
good when it comes to certain things
like some are very good at player
optimization like we look at people like
um that consistently win like liquid
like liquid is like one of the most
consistently winning teams that there
are they're just competitively a good
team in every esport like um
you know there's the fourth place memes
in the lcs but like like really they
especially lately they've done a lot
better and then there's there's teams
that do it from a business sense very
well for example 100 thieves which just
nails it when it comes to content
creation they're unbelievable and they
have sponsorships down but competitive
side a little bit like not as much right
the point being that like i think these
two things are mutually exclusive in
most cases and there's you're probably
never going to run into an esports
team that is both like competitively
kick-ass but also business development
perfect and going into the agency world
the professionalism surrounding that the
ex like us being able to be exclusively
representing brands and influencers
means that we are much more professional
and much more put together in terms of
those sponsorships that outbound that
lead generation um that that quality
that comes to those deals and that
creative than i think esports teams have
been coming coming from both sides
hopefully that answer provides value i
don't know
yeah i know i think so because um it's
just two different worlds right and then
so you said you know you're not really
um exclusive in any talent right no we
do we do we do exclusively represent
talent but i just i mostly represent
brands these days because um
we are just increasingly running into
situations where representing individual
influencers has high liability and also
um
like is very like white glove kind of og
management style where like i i don't
like feel too good like with x i don't
like exclusivity i don't like it in
twitch contracts with partnerships i
don't like it in um agencies and i don't
like it on esports teams and so if i'm
going to put my money where my mouth is
like representing brands and going to
different people with just like this
fits you the best rather than like
locking you into a contract where you
can only be represented by one person i
think that's old traditional [ __ ] and we
should get rid of that so so like i'm
trying to move the industry ahead in
that way
but we do we do exclusively represent
people that we think um the exception
there would be like if we find a creator
who can build a multi-faceted um
like empire right where where they have
product and they have um maybe email
lists and they have like texting
services and they have like there's like
a bunch of different stuff they can do
with their brand they're more holistic
brand then we'll we'll maybe offer to
like partner with those people in more
of a business sense where we where we
grow those people in that way and that's
in that sense exclusivity is necessary
necessary because you're doing like
joint ventures and [ __ ] does that make
sense
yeah yeah and and uh nathan i think you
talk about this on your podcast a little
bit right about the different models
about esports orgs and how some are more
competitive some are more uh content
creation-based right
yeah although i mean in the past even
month we're just all [ __ ] pardon my
language because hundred thieves they
won lcs yeah they are a top they at
least went to berlin for valorent uh it
it's funny because we've talked about uh
especially as i've seen other esports
orgs join the industry but they come in
and they say okay we're gonna buy out
top talent we're gonna try and win this
league and sometimes the team will go
out there and win an event or win
multiple events but they haven't solved
that media problem that content problem
that how do we get enough eyeballs onto
our things so that even though our team
is winning we can sell against it as a
business development unit and hundred
thieves has just started on the exact
opposite end
so far so that the first launch of
hundred thieves is a call of duty team
and clothing brand pre-vc funding
flopped right they lost almost every
game it's unrecognizable from the
organization now that has like more
views than any other organization is
winning at least in north america has
signed some of the hottest influencers
um obviously
i i don't know what their margins are or
how much merch they're creating but are
selling out on all of their merch drops
uh it has been a
very it's been a good lesson that shows
that this isn't pure sport there needs
to be some entertainment aspect to it um
you can look at like what f1 has done
recently with their drive to survive
series on netflix or what super smash
bros has done we talked about um the fgc
with the dock that came out in 2014. you
can drive a lot of your business goals
through media and storytelling and other
teams are going to have to catch up with
that to impact that even more not only
can you drive it through storytelling
you have to because like there's no
other way to to increase the value of
your individual players or your org
unless you tell those stories that's
what like nathan's point 100 agree
that's what 100 thieves did by starting
there and also other orgs like phase
like where they started from that
perspective of being content creators
optic right um like now energy with
hector like these are the true wizards
and esports and the most valuable brands
are people who tell the stories and
create content and then they and then
they rally people around that and they
sell against that perfectly put yeah
absolutely true yeah there's uh i
recommend this to everyone because it's
smarter i'm still i read it all the time
it's the smartest i think everyone at
esports should read a book called brands
win championships it is truly the only
thing that matters and in it it
describes a flywheel where you need to
make up the story first and it goes uh
brands win championships is about
college sports um but it talks about the
flywheel being like you create the story
so that you can get boosters and donors
so that you can attract talent so that
you can win championships but the
championships are literally the last
thing you need to create that story so
you can get the wheel spinning because
if you try and start at any other place
it's either extremely expensive because
you don't have the boosters who believe
in your message it's impossible because
you can't sign the players because you
don't have the money uh i think it is a
book that was written about esports and
the author doesn't even know it
yeah
there's a lot i think um yeah with just
growing influencers right within within
esports orgs and i think one thing i've
also heard is um people are fans of
players right not necessarily or i think
a lot of orgs have been trying to change
that so that's a
um an interesting trend to follow i
guess um nathan on more on your personal
side which you like better working for
gen g or streaming full time
i will say the good days on working for
gen g are better than the good days
streaming because streaming every day i
go online i i you know tell jokes to a
camera who knows yeah maybe i got a one
out of ten youtube video subscribers are
high someone donated 100 subs that's
fine you know who cares i'm excited to
do it because it gives me more free time
in my day and i like feeling like i've
entertained someone but winning a
championship in an esport where only one
person can win on that weekend or one
team can qualify for playoffs or you
have a player that was you know like not
cutting it you have the conversation
with them they step it up they're doing
better you get to literally just walk
into the room and fist-bump them those
are the moments where like oh no that's
the top like i would love to go back to
that when possible
is that ever in your future do you see
that coming
uh for sure i mean obviously i'm content
creating full-time and i'm making you
know great money but uh
that's just that right i can go back and
do it i can make similar money working
for an esports team i think as soon as
things clear up i will at least be able
to take a sabbatical and clear my head
and figure out what i want to do but
during covid during travel restrictions
during all these things i have no no
interest in going back
i think a question for both of you um as
we kind of move on more like just
professional side and you kind of
mention it right like the volunteering
and things like that um but for now like
what what tips do you have for students
trying to break into the esports space
on the business side right is it is it
still the volunteers is it still that
cold email outreach where do you even
begin for that outreach or trying to get
a job
yeah i can i'll go first i think this is
really hard because i have to separate
what i believe is morally right which is
not working for free and what is the
tried and true way that i got into
esports or that i'm still seeing people
get into esports or that even like i
hired people into gen g doing and that
is that finding the skill you are good
at you know you folks are all business
students whether it is you know creating
powerpoint decks or whether it is a
marketing plan or whatever is ideating
on content for an esports team to enact
on their youtube or instagram things
like that
highlighting the skills you have in that
by working for a smaller organization or
volunteering for me it was the
collegiate star league for other people
it is like tier two or tier three
esports organizations and then packaging
all that in an email to a
ceo vice president general manager
marketing manager at an organization to
show here is where you have a business
need here is how i will solve this this
is how i will do it i would like to
start working for you um
a lot of them will let you do it for
free i feel very bad about that i have
not come to terms with it but i
would suggest that if your number one
goal you know gun to your head aliens
abducted you you need to get an esports
job that is the way
i mean i'm just gonna echo mostly the
same [ __ ] so i'll try to provide um a
little bit more value just like a
phenomenal answer um like i'll just
provide a little value on top of it um
all the things that nathan just said go
um small orgs right like don't be
reaching out to your tsm clgs they're
not going to talk to you um i do differ
from nathan on this that i think you
should work for free um especially if
you can and and you're able to um like
you all you have to understand your time
value money okay like like i would put
everybody in your college graduates most
of you are probably worth about 50 bucks
an hour and shouldn't underchange
yourself okay like that's probably a job
you could get doing something um for
somebody at you know some uh place like
in an entry level position okay so if
you believe that you're going to learn
skills slash add to your resume in a way
that makes that time value of money good
for you then you should do it if um but
i've seen way too many people who had
like a legit shot in esports like give
that like just just refuse to like they
just think that they're worth a certain
amount the number of people that have
pitched me at like a hundred and k or
150k base salary for like people for
like tier two or tier three orgs that
just do not have the money to pay that
and they will they they have some kind
of like pride about that they they lose
right because the competition is going
to be great enough the fact of the
matter is that an esports team go look
at sports teams and look at how many
employees they have it's like 500 to a
thousand and these are for like espor
these are for sports teams that are like
the lakers right like they do not have
that many players you you're or sorry
that many people working in those orgs
because they don't need them like think
about what esports actually is it's like
it's like biz dev it's like some player
coaches it's five players per team and
whatever like management goes on top of
that you don't really need a lot of
roles and a lot of it you can contract
so these roles are always going to be
very very very tight in esports um so
i'm a big fan of like getting any way
you can i'm gonna add two things one uh
actually nation touch to tell us
something that one thing but
collegiate's good uh it gives you a very
early amount of experience and one of
the best things you can do at a place
like asu now is you can go into what
what you're doing what you're sitting
there right now doing is you're adding
to your resume and you are like getting
it in already that that's that's super
super valuable uh playing in collegiate
teams doing work on a collegiate level i
think collegiate is the one difference
that i would have leveraged if i had
been able to in college when i i'm old
enough that college like didn't even
know what esports was or twitch like
back when i went to college but now that
you have that advantage you should use
it and do everything you can on a
collegiate level to add to your resume
and then the next thing i would add and
this is the one that i'd say that's a
little bit different is if you can you
should create content around the skill
like nathan brought up that you are good
at um and do not underestimate how
powerful that content is or becoming an
authority on that thing so for example
linkedin right now is something that
everybody is sleeping on you can make a
few articles there about esports that
will really make you stand out and make
you look like an authority even if
you're not one um
and and like you'd be like basically
being an authority is faking it until
you are one that that worked for me um
and now i'm here so you're talking to
asu so
like like i don't know what the [ __ ] i
was talking about before i was just like
like everybody here started off right in
like where you're sitting in that chair
right now and so if you can create
content even a little bit of expertise
around like what you're doing so super
super valuable and i always recommend
like um
you should be the person that people
come to about a certain thing like um
for example there's a there's there's so
many uh niche windows in esports like
let's take this for example right um a
lot of people think of shout casting
games for that's that's an example is
like you can be like a game analyst you
could do you could be the person who's
an expert on player salaries is this
player getting paid too much is this
player getting paid too little you can
make five youtube videos about that and
and ten articles and immediately you
have that ahead of other people and you
say look like i can do a biz dev
position where we negotiate salaries
between teams okay like that's the kind
of way to think about this like very
small very targeted niche that gets you
in the door so that you can then prove
your worth like nathan did to become a
director of an esports team or i did to
become a ceo
that's something that's really common in
traditional sports especially in sports
like i know i don't know how many people
in basketball started off as like salary
cap
people who would make excel spreadsheets
and here's what teams have to do and
here are all the possible trades you
look at people who get hired in espn and
then go on to work for the portland
trailblazers because they were creating
that or creating content around that it
is i think that that's the perfect
example it is hard to create content but
if you can find that one niche whether
it is player salaries or esports live
reporting news or journalism you can
make something there's so few people
doing it in the esports world
there's like five yeah and there's so
much to cover tomorrow yeah there's like
so much to cover like it blows my mind
that i'm the only person that talks
about like the digital media industry
and twitch news like i'm just i'm just
the guy like like there's just nobody
it's like people are like oh who else
can i watch this i'm like no one it's me
my youtube channel you know
around yourself yeah but but
unintentionally yeah and but there's
like there's people that can do it like
and like yeah to nathan's point like
there's so many niches that you can
target right and and just thinking about
that i think and then targeting a small
org with that skill set would be really
valuable
appreciate dropping knowledge uh nuggets
here we're gonna move on to some viewer
questions i think joy in our discord has
a question for devon first uh oh
think
if not we'll move on oh sorry sorry can
you hear me now yeah yep okay cool
back in however long ago i don't know if
this is a secret but as a uh somewhat of
a player manager you introduced me into
this um
these wizard statues
and um you would tell you told me that
you would tell them to pick it
and um you would base their personality
off of the statue and kind of base your
management style off of it
i don't know if you remember but i loved
when you told the story it just sucks
because i don't remember what it was
yeah this is something
that's cool yeah this is a really
esoteric um so this is goes to union
archetypes union archetypes are things
that are um things you see show up over
and over again in our culture so for
example like um the the archetype of the
wise old man shows up as like gandalf
and lord of the rings but also shows up
as obi-wan kenobi in star wars and
you'll if you look at like movies you'll
see like this white-haired old man or
woman who's like the advisor and these
are called archetypes and like in
society we have uh thousands of
archetypes that are embodied some of you
might call them tropes and like tv or
things like that like the the weird
villain and things like that so they're
jung focused on four main archetypes and
that's the warrior the wizard the lover
and the king and and there are um
benevolent and shadow versions of these
people so for example like a benevolent
lover is somebody that um
i can't believe we're talking about this
in the context of esports but like yeah
like uh benevolent lover is somebody
that like you know gives freely like
really like like takes care of you a a
shadow lover would be somebody that um
uh like is is very jealous and like
holds on to you and like uh right so
there's like a shadow king is a person
who like is like reginald from tsm
right person that runs a dictatorship
i'm kidding
but am i okay sorry old old rivalry
there uh benevolent king would be
somebody like i think steve aaron is
like a fantastic person to bring up team
liquid like just like just like a very
good leader just like very benevolent
like taking care of his players things
like that jack from c9 another dude like
that uh that just like he'll sleep in
the practice room with his players like
to this day like a really legit person
so um we would take those archetypes and
we would apply them uh to different
modalities of thinking that players
would have at clg um to to to get them
in and out of certain uh like thought
processes so um one we used a lot to to
joy's point was the the dark wizard
which is a person who like accumulates
knowledge
in like a tower and doesn't tell anybody
and we had these problems where like in
esports um we we actually had we had a
meme culture that was so aggressive we
had to like repeatedly tone it down so
like
an analysis of games in the lcs
players would constantly say something
like
hey you missed that he missed that q and
it caused us to fail dragon like what
happened and the play will respond
so that's whatever
right like like that's whatever like
like
it didn't communicate anything
productive like no you're being a dark
wizard okay you're like you're you you
have all this knowledge but you're not
communicating it out to like will
actually make us understand like why
that play failed and what to do about it
so that that was a a really esoteric
aspect of management that we used to um
extenuate those points yeah i've never
told that story before that's really an
interesting question yeah i appreciate
you because um i think when it comes to
hr
business side of things and um or just
player management side of things it's a
really good story to build off of and
try to understand how to um build those
relationships to communicate so i
appreciate it it is because because
players and people in esports are people
at first i mean i had a joke where like
i loved this like when when the orcs
were smaller and people were like i want
to talk to hr i just like spin in my
chair
and be like yeah how could i help you
right like because like hr wasn't like a
developed thing back then like it was it
was it was it was just not enough people
but people are still human and have
those human problems so to relate to
things like psychology and by the way
for the value of the people in the
audience that are listening to this
there's a there's a lesson there right
that if you can find something that's
like a little bit esoteric but might be
a way that you could provide value to an
esports organization that they haven't
considered that they might hire you for
it for example there's a lot of physical
therapists in esports they deal with
wrists they deal with um with back pain
and shoulder pain and there are people
that are making full-time income right
now in esports just going around doing
physical therapy for people i hired one
for clg
and he still does stuff to this day so
there's there's a lot of like weird
things to think about where like you i
think when we think about esports we
think about things like oh i'm gonna
manage players or i'm going to um do
sales or something like that but there's
a lot of like weird things you can think
about everything the player needs is a
potential you can get you can get in
with
thank you appreciate that
appreciate that insight
i think this one's for stans with
regards to content creation and
streaming how did you get your start and
what was the growth process like uh when
did you actually feel secure enough in
streaming that you realized hey i can do
this full time and actually survive i
guess it's relevant to both of you then
yeah great question man i'm gonna answer
this i feel terrible in the same way
that i answered the esports one which is
like hey got super lucky uh did it
without like any sweat uh in esports it
was because the scene was very
underdeveloped and i had like a modicum
of of business understanding for
streaming it was that i was friends with
the fastest growing streamer on twitch
and he catapulted me into a level of
streaming success that i had not been
able to achieve on my own i had streamed
on my own for a month just to see how it
was when i was at asu casting games
things like that and i think like the
highest i ever got was 80 viewers i was
averaging 10 to 20. but then all of a
sudden ludwig comes out of nowhere and
we're playing games with him and hanging
out and streaming with them and i saw my
numbers go from like you know 50 to 100
to 200 to 500. and so i would say that i
had an i had a ped right i had an unfair
advantage in the industry and i had
spent the last five years working at
startups you know i had a few uh shares
from patreon i had time at gen g where
i'm like a small-time co-owner i'm an
advisor for another startup now i had
saved up a bunch of money i'm still just
renting with my wife for dual income to
where even if i made no money streaming
on twitch and made youtube videos i knew
i was going to do it for a year so the
money for me became icing and a cherry
on top because i assumed i would make
none
whereas i'm making
uh just slightly less than i was making
at jng which is kind of crazy the thing
considering how much less i work and how
much less talented i feel i am in this
industry versus esports management
i think
can i impact that
if we do yeah but um so i like this
because i i actually have a different
opinion here i don't believe in luck at
all i i i think that every so i think
that there are techniques probably
someone as smart as nathan was 100 aware
of to
um get in front of a situation like that
and then luck finds you after you start
creating those opportunities right so if
all you do is you sit in your house and
you do nothing then you'll probably
never get lucky but if you start a
stream and then you sit there you
probably still won't get lucky because
twitch discoverability is dog [ __ ] but
if you start reaching out to the right
people creating youtube videos trying to
find a niche focusing on your title game
doing a little bit more on algorithm
research right learning a little bit
about marketing seo maybe starting a
discord so people join you see these are
techniques that make luck find you so
for example one of my big like things
that happened to me as a content creator
was in 2016-ish league of legends
featured me as a featured streamer they
said like hey go check out this guy he
teaches jungling right um but one of the
reasons why they featured me and how i
was found is i was posting a tier list
of junglers every patch on reddit that
would go to the top and there's like
three people that remember this but it
would go to the top of our league of
legends and uh david turley's riot freak
noticed that and was like this is really
cool i want to do some people at riot
and so the story goes and then i got
featured so was that luck that i got
featured yeah it was but did i create
the circumstances that made that luck
possible yeah and the reason why i want
like i want to impact that is because
every single person in this audience can
be taking those steps to do those little
things where they can like increase
increase increase increase those chances
until luck finds you then before you
know it you have this blow up moment i i
do a lot of youtube videos about this
where like if you go look at some of the
very old success stories or the very big
success stories in um in on twitch and
youtube a lot of them look like
accidents they just look like like the
way it looks is that there's a person
there they suddenly blow up and now they
have 30 000 viewers ludwig looks like an
accident to use that example because but
then you go back and you realize that
lugwig has been mastering the youtube
algorithm focusing on he's one of the
best marketers on twitch he has a
background in it and he has like
deliberately uploaded the video every
single day with no break for like what
years
um you look at like moist critical 10
years of upwards doctor disrespect 11
years of uploads right so like you can
find in every one of these cases like
and i guarantee you if i get into nathan
i'll figure out why he's successful and
why he did it deliberately
like
and that should be inspiring to
everybody in the audience because this
is accessible for all of you if you're
willing to put in the work
if you're not your phone
and i think
with an audience like college students i
should be a little bit more i have
worked hard in a lot of things including
general management my fear a lot of
times i'll talk to younger kids or
people have family members you know my
my kid wants to stream and i want to
temper expectations yeah you know eight
and nine year olds you guys can
absolutely get a job in esports or uh
become a content creator if you find
that right niche i i will say that like
where i got lucky was my niche is doing
whatever i want because of that i could
have done uh esports i could have
started a podcast about esports like
i've done and been success relatively
successful my success in variety content
would be around things like networking
and finding other people to collab with
and the luck was ludwig begging me for a
job instead of me having to reach out to
him this just worked out because the
issue we go connections um and so so to
both of you you know as video games and
esports as a whole starts to become more
of a global phenomenon how much do you
think gaming companies will value
cross-cultural literacy and maybe even
the ability to speak another language in
the future
what's cross-cultural literacy
great question i think it's uh just like
being well-versed across multiple
uh you know international cultures
perhaps and just different like nations
and things like that
there's a um there's a there's a i say a
vulnerability but i guess i should use
the word opportunity between people who
are connected in southeast asia and
people that are connected to the united
states right now or or europe so if
you're english speaking but you can also
address like the philippines or you can
address like singapore there's a huge
esports audience there that's coming up
that people are sleeping on and making
those connections between those two
people is like really important in 2015
this was korea and america where those
connections were really relevant and now
it's southeast asia that's coming up the
fastest i think southeast asia is flat
out the fastest growing esports scene
100
and uh if you can if you can
cross-culturally understand both of
those verticals you will you can get
ahead a lot yeah that'd be my answer
yeah i'll say even in uh the last year
and a half i mean when was the last time
i recruited a player for genji maybe
about a year ago uh the amount of like
korean to english translators who were
just college kids and were helping
negotiate huge 100 000 six figure deals
for these people uh with that did not
have the prerequisite skills or
knowledge to do it but we're only there
because they spoke both languages that
is a market vulnerability or an
opportunity for people to do those
things this still exists in 2020 yeah
100 as far as like cross-culturally one
thing that has favored me is that i
became
one of the few people and this is the
opportunity that hit me in being an
early esports adopter in college and
then graduating college is that i have
joined a lot of
non-gaming culture organizations so
patreon as a startup gen g as like a vc
funded esports team and been the gaming
guy the guy who was there in the early
days when the houses had the flies
coming out of them the guy that has seen
some of these issues early on and i was
able to establish a baseline value in
that if they had a question hey the
sponsor's trying to get us to do x are
the players gonna push back on it or hey
do we really need like this kind of
catered meal or sports psychologist or
what should we be looking at i i built a
pretty secure moat around my position at
all of those companies to the point
where you know i left them versus was
fired every time because i had that
gaming literacy now i think that's going
to be a little more common as smart
folks like you decide to develop that
versus people who just liked playing
league of legends like me but i think
we're still in the phase where that
little bit of literacy will go a long
way
i appreciate it um this will be our last
question and then if you could stay both
devon and ethan we want to take a group
photo at the very front so we'll do that
but for our last question when thinking
about the lessons you've learned as
you've conducted business within the
esports industry is there one extremely
valuable thing that you've taken with
you into your future business ventures
outside of core esports space is there a
story you can share about how you
learned that lesson
yeah i don't mind starting here i think
that as i you know i'm a gamer uh which
we don't like the stereotype of like
staying inside and gaming all day but
that is literally all i did
while i am a content creator now i would
say that i'm still a pretty introverted
person and all of the major successes in
my life pertaining to esports and
business have come when i've taken that
step outside of my comfort zone and
decided to try and work with a new
person or i mean i literally got my
start sending a cold email to steve so
all of the positive things that have
happened to me have happened when i took
that little step outside of it and even
now i look back to a year ago when i'm
supposed to be like a business
professional and man you know why didn't
i do that one more thing or why didn't i
reach out to these people and i would
say that if i could look back at myself
in college i would say absolutely try
and talk to more people try and do more
things everyone's just living life
trying to game at the same time in this
industry there should be no fear around
making connections with other people and
doing it and even in coming to this
meeting i'm sure you guys were doing
more than me who didn't leave his room
very often i would just challenge you to
keep doing that and try and go further
because
you are probably smarter and more
capable than the median people the
median esports employee right now yeah
and that's without actually doing the
thing so just get out there and market
yourself and do it
i would say
i'll tell a story so
i want to talk about like my biggest
failure as a ceo at clg so
um
there was a lot of stuff he had to do
and at some point the org was like 105
people and i think that was like 110 is
what we got up to before we sold it and
and
this means we had at this point we had
eight or nine teams um we had multiple
team houses a bunch of stuff going on
and the huge vulnerability that we had
compared to people like team liquid and
tsm and c9 was our storytelling we i i
did so many different things to do this
i hired video editors from the community
from fgc from
random people that didn't have any
esports experience i hired hollywood
guild actors like like people that like
guild editors like like people that
would actually like film like
explosions and movies and stuff
terminator stuff like we spent so much
money trying to solve this problem to
teach me one lesson that i think is
probably the most important lesson that
i have taken away from esports and
business in general and that is that
storytelling is the final issue this is
something that nathan touched upon a
little bit earlier and that's that like
at the end of the day content creation
is basically the end game like um we we
can we can like
stand on top of ourselves and everything
but like the people that tell the best
stories whether that be through your
youtube through your resume through your
cv through your email to steve aaronsen
are gonna be the people that excel and
these are the skills that you should
learn not just how to sit in front of a
video and talk like this but also can
you write a an email can you write an
article can you can you can you work and
these are not skills that college
necessarily sets you up for the things
that it does in a little in some ways
but like you can take other courses you
can learn from books um you can you you
can like learn this thing but
understanding that like the way you tell
your stories and the way that you
develop yourself and you you think about
how other people view you
almost as a brand right i'm thinking
about that all the time i'm thinking
about like how do people look at me and
and like are am i do they see me as an
authority do they see me as a clown they
see me as a bit of both how do i want to
be presented to the world and then i
word everything i do i speak in a way
that directs the kind of thinking that i
want you to have i want you to think i'm
an industry authority now in my head i'm
probably bullshitting myself and i think
that i'm full of [ __ ] but i try to get
past that imposter syndrome and say this
is how i want people to view me so i
speak and i operate in a certain way and
i create content in a certain way and my
tweets are a certain way everything is
dictated towards the way that i tell
that story to get you to think a certain
way and if you think of yourself in a
way it's like okay i want to be the
preeminent player manager i want to be
the person who understands every aspect
of player optimization then you set
yourself up from the beginning to create
things to tell stories structure your cv
structure your writing structure your
emails towards that niche once you
understand that if you take that
storytelling aspect and you plug it into
everything you do then you will before
you know it become that authority
because to nathan's point and i can't
agree with this more they're like the
bar to enter is not as high as you think
it just isn't
like there's just there's not the number
of people that put in that amount of
work to think about even ask themselves
the question what's my brand and how do
i communicate to people that's like sub
1 like there's like like already you're
ahead of the 99 people that are going to
be applying ahead of you and so i would
just encourage you to think about
storytelling if you take like one thing
away from me storytelling and the way
you do that and everything that you do
and how you communicate outward to other
people is paramount that's it
appreciate that and i think yeah a lot
of the a lot of content goes around the
storytelling right and how all of it is
storytelling format yeah
right yeah well we appreciate you for
coming in i think if everyone here wants
to come to the front if you're
comfortable you want to take a photo
with them and then we can uh conclude
the meeting so
we'll zoom that in if you want to just
come up here
yeah so um if you guys want to turn on
your cameras if you guys are comfortable
i'm going to mute uh if you guys are
comfortable you can turn on your cameras
we're just going to do the pitchfork
uh symbol and take a picture with our
um devin if you don't know what that is
it's just you get your thumb and your
ring finger
and you just make this little sign am i
gonna flip everybody at asu off in a
second here like
okay
yeah yeah so so thumb and ring finger
is this right
um no
next to your pinky jesus okay
i i try so hard
that's all it is
thank you for simplifying it
like this
[Laughter]
you know what thumbs up
all right um mike are you taking it or
do i need a snip oh i muted you
do that there we go
i'm trying to i'm trying to zoom in i
don't think it's zooming in for the
camera how the [ __ ] do you guys do this
the ring finger and the uh thumb you
just like so you just like bring it in
like you're like
it's cool
that's it that's your homework for
tonight i guess all right
figure out how to do this
[Music]
thanks for having us folks
see all all y'all
you see what we're saying all y'all i
can't even figure out how to make three
fingers stand up you all got you you got
your shot in esports you're gonna be
fine
thank you for having us thank you very
much appreciate it take it easy folks
you
