hello it's your boy devin we're gonna
talk about a very important concept in
business today that we've talked about
before in a video called the number one
most important business skill and that
business skill to spoil that video is
sales sales so i talked about sales from
the context of sales as in your ability
to sell and your ability to learn how to
sell and develop skills that sell and
you can check out that video on patreon
if you want to learn more about that but
what this is about is this is about
building sales teams sales teams within
organizations lead generation and sales
as it relates to your business your
entrepreneurship venture or yourself and
that is what we're going to be talking
about today so i think that the most
important part of business is a sales
team if i have learned anything from
running four businesses and selling to
um it is that sales teams are absolutely
critical to the success of a business
and that there is basically no business
too small to get a sales team and i'm
going to explain what i mean by that uh
now so a lot of people when they think
sales teams they think like
they think like bigger businesses or
like 10 plus employees or 20 plus
employee sales teams i would are i'm
going to make an argument to you that i
think that a salesperson should be among
your first hires
and there are a couple of
um considerations there so so first of
all to revisit the
video that i made before uh you should
be a salesperson right so you need to
learn the skill of selling to other
people which means you need to learn how
to sell on the phone how to close deals
you need to learn um i needed to take
courses you need to preferably if you if
you're young enough and you are able to
intern or take a really shitty paying
job where you can do sales
you have someone else doing lead
generation for you and you can do sales
like you can actually do sales and get
in front of people learn how to script
learn how to write all of those skills
are absolutely imperative you will need
them going through to help your future
sales people um become more successful
so you and and for that matter you as an
owner of a business will basically never
stop selling um if you are a c-level
executive of a 500 to a thousand person
company you will still be selling but
your selling will change uh but you'll
still be selling so these are these are
literally skills that you will need for
the rest of your life i i cannot stress
this enough so this is about sales okay
but let's talk about sales
in the context of a sales team so
why a sales team well the number one
thing about sales is that sales is
revenue right and sales is also lead
generation
and every business
ever without exception
is based on
revenue and lead generation
so if you do not have a plan for these
two things you do not have a business
and that includes if you're a content
creator or if you're a solo entrepreneur
a content creator's lead generation is
their follows they don't normally think
about it this way but that is what that
is how you think about it and i actually
promise you if you stop thinking in the
if for content creators listening to
this if you stop thinking in the context
of i need to get more followers and i
need to generate leads that are into i'm
need to generate leads to people that
are interested in my content you will
succeed far greater because your mind
will expand into far more categories of
possibility than just the typical ways
of twitch and youtube marketing for
example you might think um of a
conversation we had a mastermind chat
the other day where i brought up that
minecraft servers are actually a super
good method of discoverability for
minecraft content creators that might
not be something that you might think
about if you think of just getting
follows on twitch in reality you are a
lead generation business your leads just
happen to be people who are consuming
your content on youtube twitch or
whatever for solo entrepreneurs your
leads are potential customers right
there are people who are going to buy
your [ __ ] whether it be a service or a
product or whatever so you're going to
need a method of lead generation
you need to um preferably more than one
and then you need a method of sales and
i put this at a three to one ratio
meaning that you should have three ways
to generate leads for every one method
of sales that you have
if your sales is going to be a system
then you're going to need what is called
sops or standard standard operating
procedures uh for that sales team so
your you should develop these first for
yourself and your business and then you
should go out and you should develop
these for your team so you should start
by saying okay um what is my product
right or service
what is my uh what is my usp
unique selling proposition why should
people buy from you or or consume you or
do whatever you want them to do and then
not do uh do that to somebody else who
has or a competitor who might have a
better product so what is my product and
service what is my usp right you start
there and then um
what is the typical conversation
uh that is going to happen uh during
sales where is it right phone email um
chat online right where is that
and what are the problems
people most often bring up
in my process and how do i solve them
what evidence and resources do
i have to support my claim
my sales process basically my claim that
i'm i have a good product or service so
this is a place where novo failed um and
like i when i
when we built novo we incorporated and
switched our agency over but we didn't
really build the sale like the resources
for the sales team on time so now like
we're scrambling to keep up with that so
you need to make sure that you have like
case studies um that you have examples
of past success testimonials right um
anything kind of things like that again
these are all things that are really
important even in the context of like
any kind of content creation or solo
entrepreneurship if you are like an
accountant and you're running client
you're running like individual clients
you still want those people to have said
something favorable about you that you
can put on your website that can then be
found via google or that you can point
uh future prospects to a lot of people
that are solo entrepreneurs they don't
have a method of lead generation so um
or their or their lead generation is
very weak it might be something like
word of mouth but they're not thinking
like for for like at a very basic level
if i'm doing a service for somebody i
would use linkedin i would use uh local
advertising via seo so google business
right facebook business that's actually
two more not not one uh and then i would
use uh word of mouth right which is and
the way that i would use word of mouth
and the golden rule for entrepreneurship
or small client based businesses is you
say after you had a successful
interaction with a customer they've
bought your product and they're
satisfied with it and you've confirmed
that you say can you recommend me to one
other person and then you warm jump that
person off the back of the other one so
if i uh so um when i was building it a
lot of people don't know that i owned a
computer repair business an it services
company um i basically fixed computers
for grammar so it says computer repair
but it did some cool stuff like we
installed the t1 line for a bank once
that was neat but anyway the way i did
my lead generation process was i
piggybacked off of the testimonials of
previous customers so i said hey
was this a good service yeah okay did we
do our job yeah can you recommend me to
one other person yeah absolutely
ex-person okay
what's their contact information phone
hey john recommended me from this route
from this business said you might need
some i.t services what do you think
immediate warm lead immediately
generation incredible that was actually
all i needed for that business to
maintain two employees so that's cool
right um that's that's an example of uh
i could have done better lead generation
but i wasn't the marketer then that i am
now so um again that three to one lead
generation but just giving you examples
of what you can do right um your lead
generation for content creation might be
youtube it might be a secondary platform
like instagram it might be something
else right and then you have a sales
process which is like getting people to
subscribe a lot of content creators
don't have a sales process they have the
actual opposite problem they have
methods of lead generation or so they
think but they don't have a method of
actually upselling people into
subscriber or paid
paid
places they might think that um they
don't deserve to do that because they're
too small or something uh and so they
shouldn't have paid funnels you should
have a sales process as a content
creator as well for people who are
running uh small to mid-sized businesses
there's a lot of you uh you need to
think about bringing on a salesperson
and i'm gonna talk about that next so
let's talk about a sales team okay now
that you kind of understand like what
the sales standard operating procedures
and things are that right let's talk
about the first way
how do you pay them
uh first
i believe in
a base salary um some people don't
and they think that uh sales should be
heavily commission based i don't like
this for several reasons
one i the one and the main reason for
for paying people a base salary i think
that if you don't pay people a base
salary it creates a sort of um
gunslinger mercenary type sales people
who
have no real loyalty to your company and
will sell for you just as easily as they
will sell for anybody else because
you're not paying them a base salary or
really committing to them in any
meaningful way um paying someone a base
salary and paying someone a high base
salary says i trust you i want you to be
a part of this company i see upward
momentum for you and that's like like
what i believe um then on top of that uh
you pay high commissions and when i say
high commissions the commissions are
going to depend a lot on your margins
and how much you're making off of each
sale or of your products but um i'll
tell you right now in the agency world
my margins are [ __ ] dog [ __ ] uh
because i uh if i take money from
influencers i can never take more than
20
and if i take money from brands um i'm
taking money away from influencers that
they're also activating with so my
margins are dog [ __ ] and i pay just
below half of what the agency take-home
is meaning that if i um if i if i pay a
uh like basically
if i take home you know a thousand
dollars commission will usually be
anywhere between 400 right three to four
hundred of that right which is which is
almost half of what i'm taking home so
that's high commission in addition to
base salary right and i'm incentivizing
i want to incentivize sales people to do
to do very well and to be a part of the
um of the ecosystem in that way now i
expect um a 5x comp which means whatever
i'm compensating that person in total
dollar value which includes salary
health care and commissions i want them
to 5x for the company that's a
software as a service number so software
is a service companies like oracle right
or sale or salesforce those kind of
anyone selling software as a service on
a subscription or a paid
model is expecting sales people to do
about 5x compensation you'll find that
your sales people will also expect to do
about that much so a person bringing in
a person that costs you a total of a
hundred thousand dollars should be
bringing you half a mill a year in in
compensation and that's not easy to do
right so then once you've established
salary and commissions and compensation
um you are going to want to
uh
like have that system in place you can
hire
okay and
oh boy do i have a lot to say about
hiring sales people because um
i have done a lot of it so
one thing i'm going to tell you right
now never ever hire sales interns
never ever hire salespeople who haven't
closed the deal
i will save you right now whatever you
have spent on this patreon or whatever
you have spent to get here watching this
video if you pay attention to what i
just said you will have made that money
back times 500. never ever hire
salespeople who haven't closed the deal
i don't care how good they look i don't
care i don't care dude if if that person
has the revolutionary plan to like your
grandma's dog's
best friend who is the ran 30 20 million
businesses if they have never closed a
deal you do not hire them the end of the
like and i have made so many mistakes
on this okay so many mistakes when i say
close the deal what i mean specifically
right
not not made money in a company that's a
really different thing or worked for
another company and made money for them
because that's what every employee does
i'm saying they have called a person on
the phone hello devin nash do you want
to buy this [ __ ] and then i say tell me
why and they say okay here's why and i
say yes right that
phone level conversion because phones
are scary and confrontational and nobody
likes them i want a person who has
dialed
20 to 50 people a day for at least six
months
and that's the kind of person i'm
looking for and i'm looking for those
people because i don't want that person
to be afraid of reaching out and talking
to people right that that is the that is
the number one thing i am i am
not looking for i will never train an
intern to do sales i will never train a
person who hasn't closed the deal to do
sales because um sales more than any
other thing is a very
uh
use it or lose it have it or not
feast or famine type of thing the um and
i'm just like the experience i'm telling
you is like
out of all of the work i've done i've
been most unsuccessful in sale and
hiring sales people until novo now now
the sales people that work at novo are
really kick-ass but it's because of the
mistakes i've made in the past
you have a couple of options
when you're hiring
people for sales okay so as long as as
long as you're now following these rules
hire a high level sales person and pay
them
a fat salary plus equity plus
commissions
so when i say a high-level sales piece
and this is a person who's been a vp at
a significant business and has run a
sales team and can operate at an equity
level in your company um if the uh so
that's uh that's a choice uh i did that
at clg and i failed um i i hired a
person who
was uh cross-sectional from and did
millions of dollars in revenue for their
previous company but was not a pure
sales outbound person they were selling
product on the floor of conventions and
they did not make it at clg um and that
cost us a ton uh just just in in terms
of like time because if you if you fail
to hire sales people and by fail i mean
like you somebody comes into your
company and is is being paid and not
doing things
oh man it's a nightmare um your company
gets set back so far um
because
it won't get set back as far if you're
following uh the thing i mentioned
before which is that you should always
be doing sales so like in in a company
the size of novo right now where i
believe we're like at like 12 people i
think um
matt and i do sales every day like by
doing sales i mean like we message
people i was on a sales call for two
hours today right like this is like it's
currently 8 30 at night i'm making this
video like as the last thing i do in the
office i was on a sales call for two
hours today right with an awesome brand
that was like super super cool and um
when i say like
hiring the vp of sales right you need to
make sure that person has like a proven
track record of building sales teams
multiple times and succeeding in
different businesses and an industry
that's related to you these person this
person should be very hard to find if
this person is immediately in front of
you then you're probably making you're
definitely making a mistake okay so
hiring a high level sales person and
paying them a fat salary plus equity in
commissions is option number one um i
have not succeeded this the
thing the next thing you do is hire a
um
intermediate
level or sorry hire several or as many
as you can
intermediate level
outbound specialists so people who have
done a lot of sales in their past and
are dialing but have not necessarily run
teams take the best person
of that and promote them to this when
they start to perform and then rely on
that person to build your sales team out
further from there um if this is the
method that i've used at novo and i
think is the one that um i like the most
so if you can like hire three sales
people and just like look at how they
perform at novo i think we've been
through like five or six salespeople um
one of them transitioned to a whole
nother side of the business one of them
is a person who
did very big brand deals and brought a
couple of deals but then just kind of
faded out one of them just flopped
completely and we had to let go uh two
of them actually and then one of them is
just like a excellent person who's with
us today and is like phenomenal and i
have like a ton of faith in that's gonna
move to like this level right so
um that's that's the ticket right you're
just you're just hiring outbound people
like crazy who have dialed on phones who
have who have confronted people over
sales and they and one thing i think
i'll say too is like they don't
necessarily have to understand your
industry in fact i i don't think that's
necessary i think you can train industry
knowledge so like many of the people
listening to starting gaming you can
train people outside of gaming and i
believe that for every role i think one
of the best hires i ever made two of the
best tires i've ever made at clg was
trinity who was clg's head of esports up
until very recently just because he
decided to leave um phenomenal of higher
he was from high school volleyball like
no correlation to gaming he'd even play
video games right but he was he he had
the he had the philosophy and he had the
team building philosophy and he um was
able to excel at that role and i think
nobody would say that he wasn't a
phenomenal uh pick for head of esports
julia who was the uh social media
marketer came from uh holy [ __ ] i don't
even know what she came from so i'm like
it was either fashion or something else
she um excelled uh ended up being
director at clg and then moved on to 100
thieves where she's the director of
marketing there right to present day so
what that goes to show is that uh almost
all of the hires that i have made that
have been vastly successful have been
outside of industry and i will continue
that trend uh i think that that's i
think that's the case because uh i think
the gaming industry begets a certain
type of personality that i don't
typically like uh when when they're
endemic to the space they trend lazier
they they they trend more arrogant they
trend more um nepotis but by which i
mean like they um are used to getting
these offers especially in esports uh
hiring esports people from within the
industry is something that i i made a
point not to do after dignitas um and
and i didn't do in clg almost everybody
was from outside there are exceptions to
this rule and there are people who are
high level performers within the gaming
industry uh but they are more rare than
people who are um
are not that uh are within the gaming
industry and instead are lazy or not um
pushing the needle as as to where you
want to go so um hiring from outside
preferably like especially in sales like
very much in the fire people uh i i
would love a vacuum cleaner sales person
who went door to door 50 times and then
did the phone calls and closed like 200k
a year in revenue like that'd be an
amazing person i'd love a person who
called on behalf of salesforce to uh
mid-level executives and had
conversations about their product and
did 30 to 50 outbound phone calls a day
off a list
i would love a person who did lead
generation via something like linkedin
and
if you are a small enough business your
sales people may need to do lead
generation and they may need to do
selling at the same time so that's
another thing to consider that might
even be a topic for like a whole other
video
because i'm running out of time so let
me think if there's any like super other
important things that i want to talk
about in relation to sales um
just that these are the people that in
your company that you should support if
at all possible you should always be
building resources case studies um
systems pdfs things like that that
support them that show examples of what
you um can do uh you'll want to be learn
you want to learn about scripting which
is like writing email cadences so that
you can um
provide value via email and convince
potential clients like what to do this
is a really big topic and i'll have to
make more videos about it so this is
just like kind of a 20-minute overview
of sales to hopefully get you start
thinking about sales and and think about
learning it if you're an individual or
entrepreneur you need to have this skill
and if you are building a business um or
even if you are like a person who is
generating i don't know you know um
enough revenue to have staff like you
should be thinking about sales right um
for content creators
at a high level sales might just be
bringing in sponsorships that's sales
right maybe maybe an agency you can
outsource that for just like you can
outsource sales teams for um other other
businesses but
understanding how to do that process
yourself uh is always preferable i i
would recommend the same thing to
content creators in fact that they
should rec they should understand how to
um
uh how to negotiate a deal how to
converse with sponsors and and how to
handle that before they outsource that
to an agency um
yeah i would highly recommend that uh
i'm the best resource for that by the
way uh
as far as i know there's nobody else
that handles um
like how to how to talk to sponsors and
how to deal with the gaming industry at
this level so i'll continue to provide
resources like that but um yeah these
are some of the considerations i think
that you should have when you are um
looking at sales i think uh everybody
that is listing this hopefully the
takeaway is you think more about sales
and uh why is very important i feel like
it's not as in vogue right now that like
social media marketing has um taken away
from some of the uh kind of like glory
and importance of sales it's more
important than ever more important than
ever in a in a world of noise and
[ __ ] um you got to figure out how to
have a conversation that closes the deal
okay thanks for listening uh if this is
useful leave a comment and tell me why
all right bye
