hello this is a video about platforms
specifically what platforms you should
utilize to maximize the results from
your business as a marketing
professional or an owner you have to use
the right platforms to get the right
kind of job done depending on your
business so what we've done here is i
have structured out a little paint and
different categories of businesses we're
hoping to cover every single one and
what platforms they should focus on and
why um even if you don't run this kind
of business you might be expanding into
this sort of business later and so it's
good to know also um if you this is just
to follow along in the video i will have
an actual like written out uh easy to
understand thing in the discord for
devon's notepad you'll be able to see um
all of these categories and everything
based on the notes i've taken so there's
going to be a visual representation
there's going to be a text
representation too and you'll have
everything all right so
these are the general categories of
business that i think kind of exist
obviously there are tons of
subcategories within these and some of
these are going to be situational
this is not a
there's two caveats here one is that
this doesn't solve all problems in all
businesses obviously and number two is
that this does change so this as of this
current recording you know we're about
halfway through 2022 i think that this
will stay relevant through 2022 and then
after that we'll probably need another
one of these videos or maybe sooner kind
of depends on like how the platforms
move recently we've seen a lot of of the
social media shake-up just like with
tick-tock coming along we're going to
talk about that i'm also going to give
you the four fundamental rules in this
video that you should follow um when
you're considering building
um funnels
through these different platforms so for
people that um need a quick catch up on
funnels i think the most important
marketing concept we're just going to
draw like a really quick cone
um and then we'll draw like a brush
and this would be like a little it's an
acorn it's like the worst funnel ever
let's do a little bit better
okay so it's like an ice cream cone
your top of funnel is going to be the
information that uh gets customers into
your sort of funnel and this is almost
always free and so the first platform
they might encounter is going to be like
let's say youtube where there's a free
video leads them down to like either
maybe a patreon or like a paid
newsletter or like a product right so
you uh there's a video on funnels on the
patreon um that you should watch but uh
if you understand funnels that's kind of
in the context of what we're going to be
talking about here this is going to be a
little bit more advanced for what just
know that what i'm referring to a
top-end funnel i'm referring to usually
a free platform to get customers through
the door to become customers new people
and a bottom funnel is like a patreon
for example where people can pay for
some kind of um service or product that
you're offering so in this case for
example the the payment is for um you
know business videos or something like
that okay so we're going to draw lines
these and each one's going to be a
different color and we'll start with
education and content creation so
these two are going to be content
creation education entertainment which
is why i think is the right way to
separate
um
it's kind of like education means
essentially anything you're doing
that the intent is to
teach or to add value to somebody
through the use of information uh so for
example i'm an educational content
creator almost exclusively you can also
be educational and entertainment um and
that's where this kind of gets a little
tricky but we're going to start with
just education assuming that you are
selling ultimately you'll be selling a
course you might be selling a service
you might not be selling anything you
might just be um interested in getting
the right information out there what are
the best platforms to do that okay so
we'll color this one
um
let's start using odd colors first so
i'll just use this like uh nice brown
one so
the first uh platform you're going to
want to consider is we're going to go to
youtube why um because youtube is going
to be number one because um
this and in particular i'm going to say
for school and and for product based
education youtube is absolutely the best
so school type stuff like many
universities have used youtube
successfully to recruit uh by posting
some of their classes up so youtube is
actually fantastic for educational
content creators it's also really good
we'll talk about uh like retail or
service based businesses it's also very
good for that um like for example
there's a lawyer that i uh spoke to who
started a youtube channel to educate on
her particular area of law which is
family law and um kind of like
gave out videos that are like five
things you need to know about family law
and then had or you know her contact and
like a direct way to work with her as a
result of that and got tons of clients
so youtube is a really easy top of
funnel entry for educational content
creators and absolutely the best choice
in fact nothing else even comes close
like if you just do youtube um
you're gonna be really well off and uh i
think i actually should have probably
told the rules first but we'll go
through the rules last because i've
already started this but one of the
rules is um
only focus on two platforms so we're
going to be focusing on two platforms
any more than that and you'll be um
you'll be risking diversifying too much
and and moving off your core business
we'll talk about it later but
everything's going to be about two
platforms there are more platforms to
use but two platforms is the um rule of
thumb we're going to use okay next we
want to go uh to facebook so this might
surprise some people but education on
facebook is very powerful the reason is
because people are usually looking for
educational type content there um
there's going to be a couple of caveats
in this section so facebook is very good
for political education any kind of
educa any kind of agenda or
political type of thing exists on
facebook better than anywhere else and
that so you want to focus on facebook
there if you are doing business and meta
education
then you're going to want to consider
going to twitter instead okay so
um this is for business and meta
and then if you want to do newsletter or
web page then you actually want to go to
like a web page you want to do like
actually landing page so there's going
to be a caveat here where the second
best platform for education and content
creation is actually twitter for
business and meta stuff particularly
long threads so if you've been um
on if you've been looking at my type of
work for a while now um the last couple
of months i've been very positive on the
engagement that comes from long threads
i think it's a really good form of
discovery along with twitter spaces so
education works really well on twitter
and if you're non-political you'll have
to make a decision with your second
platform being twitter and facebook the
disadvantage of twitter that it's more
difficult to post long-form content and
facebook also gives you video it gives
you a lot of other stuff that you can
that gets better engagement than it does
on twitter so um for me personally as an
educational content creator these are
the two platforms i use youtube and
twitter right and then i have my bottom
funnel as patreon so uh i think that
works pretty well i also think that
twitter is much stronger for any kind of
gaming creators because the gaming
audience lives pretty much exclusively
on twitter
and not really anywhere else
as like a community
there's like a really strong facebook or
instagram community for gaming although
it does exist and and there's niches
there so um to wrap up the educational
content creator part basically youtube
number one uh there's no contest if you
can do anything you do youtube videos
and uh on your education and then
facebook is number two
and uh for political and twitter uh for
business meta or gaming okay so let's
use this guy and let's go for
entertainment as a content creator so
entertainment as a content creator means
that you are a gamer you are posting up
videos for guides of games maybe you're
um playing video games or you are just a
person streaming or making youtube
videos who is doing some kind of
entertainment your comedian your any any
of those number of things where you're
creating content um what platforms are
absolutely the best for that
well no surprise for content creators
it's once again youtube
so youtube is just the best place to get
discovered top of funnel um that's
pretty much it there there's there's
kind of no um
there's no sort of like
contest here for a lot of the same
reasons and education but uh secondarily
um the this platform has changed and now
the second one for entertainment is
tick-tock so tick-tock has overtaken
youtube in terms of total viewership
which is astounding for how long the
platform has been around and tick-tock
also lends really well to the
entertainment audience so doing shorts
if you're a comedian or doing like um
type of short things can be really
powerful on tick tock see all the like
magicians that do like their tricks on
tik tok or comedians that do like short
funny skits do really really well and
our tick tock is becoming much better
top of funnel because it's converting
people a lot better the audiences are
tending older so tick tock is really
great it's great for gaming clips
another short note is that for gaming
exclusive content creators um
the it's actually instagram is very
strong so um
if i go here
instagram is actually very strong
for gaming clips a lot of people don't
know that and uh facebook is actually
very good to create if you play one game
and you want to cover only one game
having a community around facebook is
actually really good as well again you
only want to choose two of these
platforms so you might choose like
youtube and instagram or youtube and
facebook facebook youtube and tick tock
uh keep in mind that the instagram also
kind of operates as a bottom funnel for
apparel or for instagram stories you can
call the action people much better than
other platforms so
instagram probably has the strongest
calls to action for any content creators
um just because of how powerful stories
are as calls to action and how you can
swipe up to go to websites and
stuff so i would recommend instagram for
people that are going to be
entertainment but more product or
service focused
um
lastly just as a quick comment there is
twitch for entertainment consecration i
think that you should focus on building
your audiences on two platforms before
uh if you insist on streaming you should
do it at a minimum um it's just not a
top of funnel
discovery it's more like medium funnel
uh like for example a content creator
who already has like a pretty
established following on like a youtube
or like an instagram driving viewers
over to a twitch would be much more
successful um but you just have to keep
in mind like the percentages that you
get you lose at twitch are too high
right now so you will end up losing like
50 plus of your income just moving
people to that platform uh versus all
these other platforms which are way way
less okay
so what about business and online
services so a business online service
means that you sell a sas product you
sell some kind of like login maybe you
sell a course maybe you sell um some
kind of thing that provides a service to
people um this would be like canva for
example that like provides like video
editing or whatever what are the best um
types of things for a business or online
service well number one is actually
going to be um a category i didn't put
here for some reason so this is actually
going to be google adwords
and uh or we're just going to write ppc
so ppc stands for uh pay-per-click
and that means um
any kind of pay-per-click advertising is
going to be the best for an online
service so what you're going to do is
you're going to create ads and you're
going to run a certain dollar amount per
day towards those ads preferably a low
amount as you and then you're going to
do what's called a b testing which means
you create two ads and every like
facebook and google both have
functionality for this that's very easy
to understand once you create a free
adwords account or a facebook business
for business account you can log in you
can take two ads and then you can run
them up against each other and what it
will do is it will serve one ad to one
customer one add to another customer
it'll analyze the click-through rate
it'll analyze all the um
uh like ways that you would evaluate the
success of that ad and then um it will
give you the best ad and then uh if
you've ever played that game when you're
a kid where you crush two m m's together
this is basically that in advertising
form you're just trying to find the
strongest m m so you next time you have
a strong ad you put another ad against
it and then eventually you'll have like
pretty much the best ads they're getting
the best services so pay-per-click is
actually really really strong for this
kind of platform and um
i think is what i would start with
depending on my budget i'd probably
start with a budget of like 50 a day and
then i would collect information until i
had really good uh pay-per-click results
it's really easy to run pay-per-click
you don't have to be an expert marketer
this is one of the things that i think a
lot of people don't understand because i
see a lot of people hire like
pay-per-click agencies and like seo type
stuff like you can and should understand
this yourself
understanding pay-per-click gives you a
fundamental ability to understand a lot
of other really important things in the
marketing world like keywords and things
that people search for uh search trends
and volumes and such so i think
pay-per-click's like a really good thing
for an online business service um for a
second though um actually i like youtube
and specifically youtube
how to educationals so um any kind of
service where let's say you're a lawyer
or you're a educator of some kind like
where you're basically paying they're
paying for your consulting time
which is a lot of you that are watching
this like people that uh
have like um let's say you're a business
consultant or something like that or you
want to get paid by the hour uh youtube
how-tos are really great so the example
i used before was i was working with a
family law attorney and she gave um she
would do things that were like hot
button issues like uh top five things
you need to know before you get married
type of stuff it's like fantastic right
and and then she got more clients than
she could ever
dream of through her online services uh
similarly therapists can post things
like this so you can imagine just like
doing how-to videos and if you use the
um
the techniques that i have talked about
with youtube research tool you'll be
able to find
keywords that
make those videos popular and then
people will come into your service you
can even do calls to action in those
videos like how i offer the service and
consulting so for example if i wanted to
boost the consulting side of my business
what i would do
is um i consult mainly on like larger
companies growing their marketing and so
i would put out videos
that were exclusive to that like
the top three marketing mistakes that
companies make
or
the best
marketing tool for brands in 2022 i
would only expect like one to five
thousand views for those videos uh if
that but those views would be highly
targeted and i might run a pay-per-click
campaign against them and then i would
um
be able to convert to one of those
customers because i'm super happy with a
thousand views of video that has a one
percent conversion rate right like i'll
take that any day where i get 10 new
clients every video that i produce
that's amazing right if i'm charging
like a consulting cost of like a couple
hundred bucks an hour then i'll you can
see i'll very quickly build a consulting
business off of that so online services
pretty much youtube how to's and then
pay-per-click is a great way secondarily
you could consider linkedin i just don't
have enough experience to
think about this but i think linkedin is
very strong but it has some
inherent flaws like the 2000 character
limit and i i just don't really trust
them to understand discovery to the
level that google and some other
platforms do so um
[Music]
i don't use it as much
uh as i've experimented with it i've
found a lot of limitations tick talk is
an interesting one for business online
services because
tick tock is getting better for business
so there are these people that make
excel spreadsheets for example as a
service and they show on tick tock the
um i might be able to google this for
you i'm not actually sure
let's see
like tic tac excel spreadsheet what will
this find
okay so
we'll just like click on this
and it will kind of give you an idea of
like
how this works so it's just like these
really quick videos where they just sort
of show you how to do something super
cool uh top six hacks to make an
impression on your lasting impression on
my boss watch and learn and these
actually you can see this video has 22
000 views but many of these um here you
go top 10 important excel formulas many
of these have like literally um
millions of views and they're super
popular and the funnel here is actually
etsy
so what you do is you go to etsy and
we're going to type excel template
and lo and behold you'll see that
there's like an all-in-one bookkeeping
tool with 562 reviews star seller for
24. so they're selling digital services
and digital products through this funnel
with a starting at top of funnel with
tick tock and youtube and then you'll
see a link that converts to this stuff
and these like these are no joke this
has 1900 sales right like these people
are making tons of money off of these
likewise you can sell things like
notebooks digital notebooks
and you can
find like a successful notebook so this
is like seven thousand one hundred three
thousand one hundred reviews two
thousand eight hundred uh seven thousand
one hundred right this is not just like
a one-off like these are like there
there's tons and tons and tons of these
and uh they they convert via these top
of funnels and their bottom funnel is
actually etsy with almost a hundred
percent profit because it costs nothing
to distribute a digital product so this
is um this is actually something to
consider as well okay um what about
business product
so a business a product means basically
the way that a business product works is
you are
selling on your your you have a shopping
cart you're trying to get somebody to
buy a product which then gets shipped to
them so i'm talking physical products
only right everything else gets kind of
covered in online services what do you
want to do and how does it work um it's
pretty much exactly the same as the
model for
business
services
with a couple of caveats that we'll go
over
and when you're selling a physical
product um you're going to want to use a
store so usually shopify because it just
has such great data
and your ppc is not going to point you
to
the actual service it's going to point
you to a landing page and that landing
page is going to be able to convert that
person which means you'll need web copy
so the difference between product is
you're always going to want to convert
to a landing page also your youtube
videos are um
going to be how to but they're going to
be a little bit different so let's say
that you have a product like tools okay
you have like uh household tools then
you're going to want to do something
like the number five things that you
have to know to like build that build
your house like obviously like that's
not like what you're going to do but
you're going to research your keywords
you're going to do youtube how to's and
then your ppc your pay-per-click is
going to point them to a product page
it's going to point them to web copy
right not directly to a product page so
they don't you don't run ads directly to
here's the hammer you direct them to a
web copy that explains why they want
that and allows them to convert quickly
to a product page
and then you analyze the results because
you can throw google adsense on that and
it will tell you exactly what's going on
everything else just applies for
business online services i'm trying to
think if there's anything
that i'm missing in terms of product
i am missing some things okay so the
other thing that you might want to
consider with product is um
sorry uh instagram is actually like
really freaking good
so instagram
uh swipe ups are unbelievably powerful
and product does really well being
featured on instagram and can get good
engagement if they're high quality
photos uh likewise facebook is also
pretty strong for product uh facebook
ads are stronger than google ads for
most products and um
i
and i would recommend um an
instagram-based strategy particularly
for something like apparel or
also pinterest by the way is is quite
good for uh product-based stuff you
actually see
a lot of the apparel catalogs will have
pinterest accounts
um
and and i'm not sure i can find this but
if you go into like pinterest for
example and you find this
a lot of these actually have uh links
to
where to go
right so there's like a link here
and people can buy the dresses and so um
for particularly for uh uh audience
that's predominantly women
um i would say pinterest is actually the
strongest platform and women based on
apparel or women based on any kind of
like
consumer or household goods really
really strong pinterest with a secondary
on instagram would be the caveats for
product all right what about retail
lastly
um what is uh so retail meaning you have
a local brick-and-mortar business your
business physically exists somewhere
um what do you want to do with it so
this is going to differ quite
a lot from all the other businesses
that uh we've mentioned before your
first avenue is always going to be was
first of all the first thing you're
going to do is you're going to register
on google so you can register your
business for free on google so that it
exists so when people search for it it's
actually unbelievable how many people
don't do this um
it's like super obvious like if you
don't do this and google doesn't uh just
by happenstance find you it will not
catalog your business so tons of
restaurants for example make this
mistake like they they're crazy when
they make this mistake where you
actually can't find a restaurant unless
it's listed on google and they might
like think of it listed on yelp but they
don't list on google and that's where
most people search for things okay so
facebook is actually number one after
you've done that
um
what you want to do is you want to do
facebook ads and local advertising to
point people to you but you want to do
it in a way that um is a very limited
budget and is only local to your area or
secondarily people that are traveling to
your area frequently so for example lake
tahoe in nevada frequently gets cut uh
frequently gets visitors from san
francisco particularly during certain
dates like july 4th and um and like
december during like christmas holidays
a lot of people airbnb up there so you
might have a local business at a tourist
location you'll want to not only do
local advertising to your current comm
your local community you also want to
advertise to the people that have the
most amount of inbound to that community
and that will be apparent to you if you
live there right you'll you'll you
already know that where those people
come from usually like with like kind of
vacation spots or destination spots
people are coming up from like
particular places so um people in like
colorado for example the united states
or or things like that they'll they'll
know that people are coming up from
certain places okay so if you know that
then you can run a localized campaign at
very low budget like 10 to 15 a day to
put advertisements up for your
particular business and you can actually
and i would actually recommend doing
these both on tick tock and facebook
experimentally on tech talk because i'm
really interested because i think
localized budgets on there could be very
powerful i have no experience with this
but i think that just based on the way
that tiktok for business works which you
can view um in i think one of our
masterminds or or whether the patreon
videos has details on tick tock for
business
um i think it might be really strong
then for business and retail uh the
second one which might surprise you is
going to be on instagram
instagram is actually great for business
retail number one you want to have a
presence by posting photos so if you're
like a restaurant or something posting
photos of your food but the real power
of instagram is actually activating
micro influencers so you want to look in
your area searching by instagram tags
for people that have 500 or a little bit
around 500 to like a thousand followers
less is fine more is actually bad
more more followers like macro
influencers so someone has like 20 000
followers that is not good because that
person probably runs a brand that is not
distributed like or sorry that is
distributed so that person's brand on
instagram is going to be like all kinds
of people those people don't apply to
you
but if you uh look for local people that
are just totally normal people that have
like 100 to 500 followers most of those
people are going to be their friends and
they're going to be um
they're going to be people that live in
the area so get
dm those people and invite them in and
say hey like if you come in take a
picture for your instagram and review my
product or review my service like i'm
running a restaurant then i'll give you
a free meal or i'll pay you like 50
bucks like whatever right i do that for
um 10 people said it set a budget of
like 500 or a budget of like 10 meals or
whatever you want to do for massage
service services right like uh 10 free
10 free massages one per person
as long as you promise to leave a review
and an instagram like high quality photo
and work with them on it um i've seen
this done for two restaurants in the
seattle area and their business went
from like like a trickle to just like
packed like every day it was
unbelievable how well this worked right
because people in local areas tend to
trust their friends for recommendations
and so if their friends are posting that
kind of media this is one of the best
things you can do in combinations with
ads also another crazy thing that
happens here is that these two services
are actually synchronous so um they work
off each other what will happen is a
person that is um
a person that's actually
uh recommended by a friend or instagram
like it will actually also start seeing
ads in the local area because you're
most likely targeting the same groups
and so they'll see that come up and the
multiple impressions like oh i should go
there and then like inadvertently it
will subconsciously convert a lot of
people this is like a really really
powerful thing to do for retail that a
lot of people underestimate okay lastly
i'm going to give you the rules of
engagement for how to use this chart and
then i'm going to leave you with the
text chart and we'll call it good so
number one rule and most important rule
we talked about a little bit before is
only focus on two platforms
all others have no obligations why okay
one of the biggest mistakes that people
make
is they
over diversify
and then they get caught
doing
too much
on too many platforms
and as a result
they
don't end up doing anything good on any
platforms
you do not need
as a business to succeed on all of these
platforms you actually only need to like
even remotely succeed on one of them to
make a full-time income and a lot of
people think that like a lot of people
subscribe to like the gary vaynerchuk
thing of like post 94 pieces of content
on every platform per day this is like
really bad advice it's not good for any
but even if you have a team or whatever
if you are a business you should be
focusing on making your product or
service at a high quality likewise if
you're a content creator you should be
focused on making your content at a high
quality and anything that you're posting
or any focus you have on social media
platforms actually takes away from that
so you should only be focusing on two
platforms if and if possible one
platform which is why i structured this
whole video in that way
um
next spend time
developing
your unique voice first
so have a plan before going into
the platform game which means okay this
is basically asking yourself the high
quality questions how do i want to
approach this platform what is going to
be my voice if i'm going to be an
educational content creator am i going
to be harsh like i tend to be on the
harsh side so i'm very brash and that's
very intentional when i go into twitter
if you look at my my tweets my tweets
are serious tweets right i i communicate
in a serious way i don't like really
like post memes or joke around and
that's intentional
so uh if we look for like my stuff here
you'll see that like most of my tweets
are like pretty
serious
right
um
here's a video discussing the issues
uh i hope these discuss
it's done in like a kind of deliberately
professional way and that is to sort of
create the idea that i'm a thought
leader right that i'm a person that is
like really thinking about these events
and it's also intentional in like my
profile for example which will say
things like exploring marketing ideas in
new media world so that's the the type
of voice that i want to have i want to i
want to be a high value
targeted educator that
really gives people useful stuff if you
follow me you are going to get a certain
thing and then you're and you're not
going to get another thing like you're
not going to get political takes you're
not going to get takes on drama you're
not going to get like the latest on this
you're you're coming because you want to
get high value information on marketing
and i have a very deliberate focus on
that like likewise this patreon is very
very segmented towards business
and marketing education
my youtube is is very segmented right so
i you have to you have to know what kind
of unique voice that you are coming at
your platform with are you going to be
funny are you going to be
entertaining are you going to be a
little bit like off off color where
you're just going to make like kind of
crazy jokes that like are really are you
going to be inflammatory right you
should have all that stuff locked in
before you go in so if you're going to
create a twitter account you're going to
create a facebook account or instagram
account or whatever your instagram
account are you going to be do you want
to appear as a like business
professional with like suits on you are
you are you a hot girl and you want to
just wear bikinis and that's like your
entire instagram right like whatever
whatever you want to do
define your
unique voice
first before going into the platform and
write it down and have that plan and
that's going to keep your it's going to
keep people focused
using a streaming analogy
one of the most successful streams on
twitch the most successful streamers on
twitch are people who
you a lot of people don't notice this
but when you go back to the stream
you're getting pretty much the same
consistent experience so if you go to
xqc stream you can kind of expect what
you're going to get every time right
like oh god dude
you don't wait and if you go to sodapop
in the stream extremely consistent like
asthma gold extremely consistent
train wrecks like extremely consistent
pretty much anyone over like 10 000
viewers you're going to that stream and
you're like okay i know exactly what
you're getting likewise like youtube if
you go to like um a big channel you're
kind of getting the same consistent
experience so if you look at social
media as a whole you'll notice that
pretty much everybody has these same
consistent experiences that that has a
platform and and is really successful
one of the biggest mistakes that content
creators make and one of the biggest
mistakes that businesses make is they're
all over the place so one day you'll
show up on a youtube video you'll be
really sad or one day you'll show up on
a youtube video be really depressed
whenever you show up in a stream you'll
be really happy when you'll be super
amped and you'll talk and like your
viewers don't know what to expect and
they that turns them off they like human
beings are kind of creatures of routine
and they want to kind of have the same
sort of experience just like uh if
you're running a business
you want to have the same sort of
consistent experience when you go to a
restaurant or you go to a certain place
right i don't want to go to a restaurant
and have a phenomenal steak and then
come back and it's just terrible that
would be awful and that would make me
not want to go to that restaurant i want
to have a consistently good experience
every time i go so you have to
for this is sort of an intuitive thing
that people think about in like retail
businesses right where the the way that
you make entering the shop or the
experience you have like when you go
into like people like psychics or people
like um
magic shops are really good at this
where you have the same like yoga yoga
studios are phenomenal with this where
you walk in and you have the incense you
have the the light music plane there's a
certain feel now imagine if i walk into
a yoga studio and it's heavy metal
and like there's like a jacked 6'5 dude
there with his shirt off right like that
might that would be great for like a gem
like a gold's gym but that feel that
unique voice wouldn't be there i'd be
like really like whoa what like right so
that unique voice is something that you
need to translate digitally and is
really important
that probably deserves its own video
it's such a really important concept
next respect the funnel
so what does that mean so going back to
the funnel that means that make sure
that as you are focusing on platforms do
not start with like two bottom level
funnels for example or two top level
funnels um well two top level funnels is
fine if you're just beginning so if you
are
like here right and you're choosing
platforms you can only choose two you're
probably going to want to choose one
platform that starts here like a youtube
that gets customers in and one platform
that's like middle down the way like a
patreon for example so this is your
money and this is your viewers right you
don't want to do two here unless you're
really just going straight for growth
and you have a strategy later where you
want to monetize which is fine but you
definitely don't want to do two in the
bottom where your funnel is like patreon
and like um like just like a product or
something so there's no way to get new
customers
big reason why businesses fail is that
okay
and then
the um
last one is respect
your primary
communication
platform
which means
um generally if you are communicating
with your community um you want to have
your communication exist in a single
place
that people can always come back to and
get all of your information so
if you are always communicating on
twitter then that is where you want to
post everything make sure you don't even
if you're going to distribute
information that you don't
post stuff outside of there so for
example for me my central communication
is my discord you will always know
everything if you follow my discord you
won't know everything if you follow my
twitter you won't know everything if you
follow my like all my other platforms
but you will know everything if you
follow my discord likewise you should
for your business you should have a
primary communication platform you
should have some way to speak to people
that um is always consistent whether
that be a newsletter whether that be a
channel like a slack or a discord
whether that be a patreon page whether
that be a youtube community post just be
aware that when your primary
communication platform is something like
a youtube or a twitter when you post
you're not guaranteed to hit all of your
subscribers right that's based on the
algorithm so know that if you're going
to make that your primary communication
platform with a newsletter you hit
everybody with a discord server
and people that enable notifications you
hit everybody so that's one of the
reasons why i think those are more
powerful primary communications
platforms
cool
so that's it that is the whole talk on
where in the current kind of meta of
marketing i would go
um and where to focus on and i hope this
video was helpful uh leave a comment if
it was and as always thank you for your
support and your time talk to you again
soon bye
