hello today I want to talk about some
different classifications of business
and different tools that you can use
that will grow your business
more in the context also of choosing the
right tool to grow your business This
concerns three things we're talking
about today is community so if you want
to build a community to advertise a
product or service with the objective of
advertising product service you want to
build a product and then Market it or
you want to be an expert in a field and
kind of understanding these three things
is the topic of today which was spawned
from a mastermind discussion about a
dude named Chris who is teaching
Lightroom and Photoshop to people and
then selling it as a course he's
debating what his kind of direction is
thinking that courses maybe be are on
the downturn but also wanting to build a
YouTube channel or iea Community to be
able to drive more people to his course
and this sparked a discussion of
Mastermind chat which I want to kind of
like go on I I wrote a bunch here too
about it but I want to kind of like talk
about today because I think it can be
helpful to a lot of people to think
about okay so
um the first thing to understand about
teaching okay and teaching skills in
particular is that there are two
different different types of skills
there are soft skills which are things
that are more esoteric like leadership
or like time management and then there
are hard skills and hard skills like
hard as in difficulty but like hard as
an objective things like electrician
things like carpentry right things like
um switching a light bulb
okay whereas with a hard skill if you're
teaching a hard skill you can say okay
do it and then the person does it and
you know they have that skill right like
if I hire an electrician to fix
something in my house and then they fix
it they have that skill right
um if I if I hire a consultant to teach
me leadership it's much more difficult
to verify and vet that consultant
because leadership is a much more
esoteric concept how do I know that they
are good at teaching leadership well
have they LED before or have they
studied this up before see it's getting
a lot more difficult thing like like
whereas like if I'm gonna if somebody's
going to fix my toilet or fix my shower
I just need this need to be able to do
it uh so we go off of like things like
reviews or things like that so what
Chris here is teaching as we find out
later on when he starts to clarify what
his course is is Lightroom and Photoshop
which are hard skills so Lightroom and
Photoshop video editing things like that
these are skills that you
um literally can just do right um and if
you could do them you can teach them so
he's debating and and a lot of people in
this community are probably debating
what
types of marketing they should use in
respect to the skills that they're
teaching and and it mentions that um
he has tried pay-per-click to direct
sales pages and says that it doesn't
work because they want samples they want
me to demonstrate my value first so I
run a PPC to a landing page for an email
sign up for a free course
okay so
um we're going to talk about kind of
like each one of these things okay so
we'll start with
um expertise because I think it'll set
up the the discussion really well so
expertise means you are actively
attempting to become an expert
in something so in the realm of content
creation this is the vast majority of
people
um what even if you're just doing
entertaining or playing games you're
trying to become an expert Entertainer a
lot of people don't understand that
actually if there's one thing if
everyone listening to this understands
that that you are trying to become an
expert Entertainer that one thing I just
told you will help you more than
anything else you hear like because then
you understand that the skill of
entertaining is what you're trying to
learn so you need to learn things like
pacing you need to learn things about
clear communication you learn things
about comedy you learn things about
telling telling stories in threes you
need to learn things about um like good
storytelling great captivating
storytelling if you if you realize that
every single content creator is trying
to become an expert in something or
trying to prove that they're an expert
whether it be entertaining or whether it
be whatever you you're way ahead of the
game a lot of people don't realize that
so if you're actively attempting to
become an expert in something okay you
have to realize that when you are
attempting to become an expert you who
are the products you like you the person
okay so for example if I am trying to
become an expert on something like
content creation I'm actually but but my
product is a course I don't have one
product I have two one product is me the
person teaching you or trying to
convince you that
um that I can teach you about content
creation and the second product is the
actual course or whatever I'm trying to
sell so a lot of people make the mistake
of trying to build trying to become an
expert with the objective of pushing
people towards a product but the reality
is that if you're going to try to become
an expert on something and prove to
people that you're going to be you're an
expert on something you actually need on
a soft skill okay you need to actually
sell yourself first and then you
accomplish the objective of selling a
product if you want to call them to
action on that you are the actual prize
you have to prove that so that it comes
down to a lot different kind of skill
set than
um in soft skills then you would if you
were selling hard skills so you do not
really need to prove your expertise if
you are or be an expert if you are an
electrician a carpenter teaching
Photoshop or teaching Lightroom or
something and the reason for that is
because the only thing that is needed
is for that person to be convinced that
you are able to teach them this thing
which can happen from user reviews it
can happen from uh from from product
confirmation or testimonials there are
many different ways that we're going to
discuss to actually build
um confidence in a hard skill in the
product category so next we're going to
go to product category
um most people should just try to sell a
product or service
and not create a community or expertise
around it
okay because these are separate things
with separate objectives most people to
sell a product or service successfully
they do not need a um a community to do
it or a product to do it we have been
taught I think through content creation
and through like um like entrepreneurs
like Gary vaynerchuk or whatever that in
order to build a business you need to
have a Content aspect to it actually I
see a ton of people more and more saying
this that like your business has to
incorporate content in some way it
absolutely doesn't and like the vast
majority of products are not sold with
influencers they're not sold with like a
community that is built around that
product like there there there's or
there's a community in like a soft sense
like there's a Lexus Community there's a
um there's a Toyota Community but it's
not a community where it's like you can
point to a single person within Toyota
that leads these people to buy cars
right why do people buy Toyota's but
well because it's an inexpensive option
that provides reliability for a great
price and so that's why people buy it
because the product is good so most of
you you you're thinking like I need to
build a community so people buy my
product but actually what you should do
is just create a more Kick-Ass product
at a more competitive price and then
ultimately
um start thinking about what
distribution channels
can I use
to get my Kick-Ass product
out there okay so using the example of
courses right I would almost never try
to build a community around around a a
product that is a course especially
especially for a hard skill for a soft
skill something that is way harder to
like where like a justification is
needed like why should I trust you why
are you an authority on this that kind
of thing makes more sense so for the
example I'll use for that which probably
a lot of people know is charisma on
command this is essentially a 5.5
million subscriber YouTube channel that
then points people towards their course
that's like what the whole thing is like
if you go into any one of these videos
and you click on it like one of their
first calls to action will be Charisma
University right so in this instance
this is an example of someone building a
community to teach a soft skill and in
soft skills I think that makes sense
just understand with the community
aspect of it know what you're getting
into right because you are really
building you're building a separate
product slash service
for this okay you your your little
ability totally separate thing your
objective of the community is going to
be different from your product it's
going to be different from expertise
right this person is building a
community around their individual
expertise in building people up for
Charisma specifically right and they're
creating awesome free content and then
saying there is like right he's put his
he puts his face right on this right
like I'm the guy that's going to teach
you to be a more charismatic individual
a more successful individual okay so
there's an enormous amount of work a
product in of itself that goes into this
YouTube channel right hundreds and
hundreds of videos that are well
produced okay so if you are going to
start building a community and your plan
is to do it by creating content but you
really have a product you really have
something like just a product you want
to sell most of you would do better
learn and save way more money
um by going through distribution and
marketing channels rather than trying to
build the community because of the
amount of work that's involved this guy
for example says that he can't um
direct PPC to sales pages and it doesn't
work for him but I can provide him an
example I mean dozens hundreds of
examples of successful courses just go
anywhere on udemy go anywhere on any of
these places where people are pointing
people to landing pages and they are
signed up directly for courses look at
Elliott host look at ramit study look at
Dan Kennedy look at like literally I
just have so many [ __ ] examples of
this right so this dude is wrong he's
just straight up wrong what's happening
is he's literally just not learning the
distribution skill of writing good copy
having testimonials building a a proper
Channel because he's not selling people
on the page he thinks that people need a
free course to buy but people are going
to udemy and they're buying courses
right off the bat to learn um to learn
hard skills and they don't need any um
convincing of it right so I've signed up
for a course and I'll just give you an
example this is a course that I'm set up
for right now uh this for Adobe Premiere
because I'm trying to learn how to
become a better editor this course right
here is a Adobe Premiere Pro Master
Class right it's a hard skill it's
actually like literally what he's doing
like Lightroom types uh like same uh
product class why did I sign up for this
course well it was a bestseller on udemy
it had great ratings I have no idea who
Phil ebiner is right um but I looked at
the coursework I looked at how many
um hours there are and how many
resources there are and then I looked at
the reviews and I made a decision most
people will buy products based on those
decisions right if you go into Amazon
you don't do you care like who's selling
it well sometimes like if it's like a
supplement company and you really most
people don't even care about this but
like for me if I'm buying like
supplements or something
um I I then uh will like go on to Amazon
look at the reviews like try to
understand like if the company's like
producing good stuff and I'll but again
like I'll look I'll look based on the
product like I don't care about the
brand name but I like but I tend to buy
like Thorn products for like supplements
or something like that because I know
they're consistent with like their
Laboratories and such such as that but I
will buy products based on the quality
of the product based on the reviews of
the product and based on um la like what
the product has actually providing me
for its price which is the decision
making that people have in the
conversation of their head so like if
I'm trying to learn
um from you what like like what to do on
a hard skill
all I need to know is that you teach and
communicate this effectively and that
and or that other people have verified
that so like therefore like distribution
channels like using uh existing websites
for courses using your own landing page
driving pay-per-click towards that
landing page
um doing advertising uh having other
influencers uh advertise your stuff like
that's like more effective 99 of the
time than actually like building a um
the building like a community around it
because like the amount of work you're
going to have to do and and also like
the problem with hard skills is that
there's really a certain amount you can
teach right like
um if I'm not careful I like if this
let's say this dude built a YouTube
channel okay and if I really wanted to I
could go out to YouTube channels and I
could learn Premiere Pro right these are
like like as uh Chris notes in this
Mastermind chat he says somewhere here
that many of these skills are already
available for free right
um that is a is a an issue because what
ends up happening there is
um
just one second sorry I'm scheduling
something
okay so sorry
um so what ends up happening is I I lost
my train of thoughts it's what happens
when I don't edit things okay so anyway
I want to keep giving value though so
the so if this person was to start a
like YouTube channel right I don't
remember what I'm saying then at some
point they're gonna teach me the hard
skill itself because there's just not
that much to it like at some point
they're gonna teach it whereas I go the
soft skill like leadership time
management content creation things like
that there's essentially an infinite
amount of stuff that you can talk about
like um I could like with Charisma right
perfect example of this this dude is
never going to run out of this kind of
content and he's still going to have a
great course that teaches things in
addition to this that could be the exact
same thing there's just so much to talk
about in the context of like being a
human being that is charismatic there's
so many skills that are related to that
whether it be how you talk whether it be
there's so many soft skills within that
skill so if you're teaching something
that's a hard skill I would not be as
inclined to provide tons of free
resources
um and if you look at people that are
teaching hard skills you'll see that
that's that's like mostly not what
they're doing
um
most of the soft skills and most of the
people that I had brought up like let's
take like remote study who's teaching
people like how to become more wealthier
financial right can put out a ton of
free content
um someone like Elliot Hulse who's like
teaching people to become more fit or or
like more muscular or Thomas de Lao or
whatever like they can put out like more
free content as a hard skill like
technician type thing you need to think
more about the product itself making it
really great making it very hard to say
no to and then hosted it on different
distribution channels that are going to
become
um more effective at just driving people
to the sale I think people get ahead of
themselves and they think that they need
to do a ton of work to sell a person but
it's actually like pretty easy to sell a
person if you get into the conversation
in somebody's head and they have a need
for your thing so like most of the
people that are are trying to learn a
hard skill they've already made a
decision that they are going to learn
that skill you don't need to sell them
on that so for example if somebody has
tried to learn like computer programming
and they're trying to learn like C plus
plus or something they already have made
the decision in their head that they're
going to learn C plus plus like like
some of them haven't but like it's not
your job to like go and sell them on the
idea that they need to learn C plus like
it's actually not your job your job is
to sell them that you are the person
that's going to teach that so when you
teach something like C plus you just
need to have a product that convinces
them that you are the person to teach
them this right so that can that be an
expertise sure like for example me
teaching a soft skill of consecration
marketing advertising the reason why I
have built that expertise is two reasons
right and and to understand expertise
you have to understand the two reasons
why people will actually
um uh come to you as an expert okay and
and I wrote them in the uh in The
Mastermind chat so reason number one
that people will trust you as an expert
is you have Insider information very few
people have okay so in my case I run an
agency I do this stuff every day I'm in
I have marketing content information
that no one else has almost no one the
except there are people that run
agencies and most of them don't create
content that so I have Insider
information that very few people have
that immediately makes me uh like
someone worth listening to in this realm
in the exact same way that like if
you're gonna learn from an investor or
something that person is working at a
hedge fund that person has a ton of
inside information on on like how to
invest is talking to people on Wall
Street every day like that's a person
I'm going to trust more often than not
to be able to give out their expertise
and the second reason is you have
actually done and can show recently
right
the thing you're talking about
right so how do I know that I'm
qualified to teach you about content
creation I've created content across
multiple different platforms
successfully I've I've LED tons of
influencers to build their own Brands
right to millions and millions of
followers
um I can talk about marketing
advertising because I'm literally
running a advertising agency where I run
hundreds of thousands if not millions of
dollars
um definitely millions of dollars per
year in um in uh advertising and
marketing and ads like I'm doing this
right so so like
um a lot of experts they try to be you
try to build an expertise in something
and you don't run these two things
people will sniff it out and like maybe
some people will buy your thing or maybe
some people will like trust you as an
expert but way too many of you are like
starting like you're trying to become an
expert and and you haven't like put it
in like put in the time and like really
like uh actually done anything to
deserve it because you don't like
qualify for these two things if you are
trying to do that and you're in that
category and you're listening to this
you should not be an expert you should
build a product
or you should build a community where
it's documenting your journey so for
example like remember at the beginning
of this video I said that if you are a
content creator and your expertise is as
an Entertainer you're trying to become
an expert Entertainer the only way to
actually become an expert Entertainer is
to consistently put in the work to
entertain and keep trying and in that in
that Journey you'll build a community
right in that Journey you'll build an
expertise
um it's also possible to admit that
you're not an expert document the
journey to becoming an expert and then
that itself accomplishes expertise at
some point that's the kind of fake it
till you make it type idea that works
pretty well
um and I've seen a lot of people do and
that's fine too but you just have to be
aware of like what you're actually
trying to do right
um most people though they just
underestimate the power and distribution
of a product so um if I were looking to
build like a course and and teach like a
hard skill right the number one thing
that I would do is I would have a
landing page that that had testimonials
that had a like effective call to action
I would learn how to copyright I would
learn that skill of like of like
building that and then the second thing
I would do is I would look at
distribution channels I'd look at things
like udemy I would look at things like
um uh um uh master class I would look at
at Amazon where you can like sell
courses I would look at different I like
put my distribution as many places as
possible and I would focus on the act of
marketing that product where like so
here's like another like like this is
like another example like the obvious
example right like I'm I run a
restaurant or something I'm not going to
try to build a community around my
restaurant you'd be surprised how many
people do this like they're just gonna
try to build like a social media
following around their like local
restaurant nobody cares right like I'm
going to make the product really
Kick-Ass the food really good and then
I'm gonna go on Instagram it's a
distribution channel for restaurants I'm
gonna go on Google that's a distribution
channel for restaurants I'm gonna look
at ways to Market that and try to sell
that product itself rather than do all
these secondary and tertiary things I'm
not going to become an expert chef but
if my objective is becoming Gordon
Ramsay and I want to be known worldwide
as one of the best chefs then for him
his restaurant line Hell's Kitchen is
secondary because the primary thing is
his product which is himself as an
expert then you have to go through a
different train of thought that's when
YouTube becomes useful that's when top
of funnel stuff like Tick Tock becomes
useful but that's that's not true for a
lot of you that are trying to build
products and try to build services for
for for people to try to build products
and services the distribution channels
matter a lot more than funnel-based
marketing funnel-based marketing means a
a customer starts at the top and then
goes down your funnel to buy but for a
product you just have to convince people
that a product is good and and the price
is right for that product and then they
buy it they don't need to know you okay
so for for uh so the objective of this
is like take the time to really think
about what you want to do if your
objective is to just like make 10
thousand fifteen thousand a hundred
fifty thousand dollars a month selling
products and you wanna sell a product
like a course or like something where
you like teach a hard skill like you
probably need to be thinking about
distribution channels more than you need
to be thinking about funnel marketing
but if your objective is to build a
community then you really need to think
about funnel marketing and then you have
to go through a lot of the questions
that like we ask ourselves in these
these videos and like on this uh on this
patreon on some of the things that we
wonder about right you have to sort of
ask yourself like okay like what do I
need to do on YouTube do I need to do it
on Twitch I need it on Twitter like
where is this community going to live is
it on Discord is it on a forum and then
if you're trying to become an expert
right that separate from building a
community too because then you're trying
to become a trusted source of
information you need to have these two
things locked down and then you can
start moving forward
um the vast majority of people have got
this stuff confused and that's why we
made this video we made this video
because I want people to understand the
differences between these three
different types of marketing and these
three different types of things and then
um plan their business out accordingly
to which one fits them okay so that's
all I'll talk about today I think it's a
good introduction to this subject let me
know what you think
