okay hello
i want to talk about a concept that i
think is probably something that i wish
i knew 10 years ago and it's probably
one of the like number one things that
for entrepreneurs or content creators
that you got to think about and this
actually applies to anybody that's kind
of in it for themselves like anybody's
doing like freelance work or something
like that uh and this concept is
how to think about investing back into
yourself and how to think about
investing back into your business so
there is a huge change of mindset that
comes in a successful person's life when
you transition from realizing that the
money that you earn is not like 100
one-to-one spendable against your normal
expenses or wants or needs
which means that
if you are making let's say like three
thousand dollars a month okay and your
expenses every month for just your
living situation your rent your takeout
whatever um
is three thousand dollars a month and
you end up at zero um you're
short chaining yourself out of a lot of
opportunity to make a lot more income
and if you are a freelancer doing this
you are you are painfully in a place
where you are not growing and you're
going to eventually be subject to market
inertia or sorry market friction that
pushes you out because your competitors
are doing something different and i'm
going to kind of explain this concept
today uh in this talk which i which i
think is like really really relevant to
anybody
here so
investing um
into yourself
business
freelancers
entrepreneurs
creators okay that's what this is about
so
um
i run a company called novo which is an
agency and matt and i my co-founder we
pay ourselves
less way less than like
less than one percent of the total
company revenue and um
i didn't check with matt if i should
like talk about those numbers but the
short of it is like at the end of the at
the end of the day probably i i pay like
i never pay ourselves more salary um we
pay each we each pay about like it ends
up being like three thousand three
thousand dollars or so in actual salary
to both of us the bare minimum that i
need to like cover rent and to j and
like you might think like oh like devon
must be like super wealthy because of
his business or whatever that's that's
not on paper that's not the case right
it's i i pay myself a
minimum amount that i need to cover my
life expenses because living in seattle
jesus okay um because of this concept
i'm going to tell you before because um
let's say that i double that number or
or i triple it let's say we go to 10 000
a month which matt and i could easily do
with the the income that comes in from
the business right um
well what would happen well if um let's
say that i pay the average employee like
of like a 40 hour a week like 50 hour a
week like full-time person right like
four thousand dollars a month well i
just shortchanged the business out of
two people because i want to pay myself
for a better lifestyle right um and what
that does is there's a huge difference
between investing
in sorry um
paying yourself out in
salary versus paying yourself out in
equity and uh paying yourself out in in
salary and equity can mean a couple
different things so paying yourself out
in salary equals
taking money off the top for your own
expenses lifestyle
desires etc but paying yourself in
equity means you're
putting money back in
leaving
money in the business
or reinvesting it we're gonna get back
to that later
and
you're intentionally
making the decision
to forgo
your
current lifestyle
to build exponential value
later
so
if i hire a person for four thousand
dollars a month and i don't take that
four thousand dollars a month that is
building value in my company for the
foreseeable future as long as that
person is there and the idea is that the
value of that effort would be worth more
than if i was just taking that from my
personal lifestyle of course right
because if i take the four thousand
dollars the value to the company is zero
but if i take if i put the four thousand
dollars back in that four thousand
dollars a month and that employer that
staff member maybe pays me back ten
thousand twenty thousand dollars a month
over time whatever and and that
increases that valuation but here's the
thing people don't realize right you say
oh devon that's great for a business
that is like 15 people or 20 people like
your business but what about me like an
individual um you know i'm just a i'm
just a dude or a dudette like listening
to this well it's even more important
for you because equity is also in the
form of learning knowledge and skill set
so if you invest a certain percentage of
your income back into yourself then your
value as a person increases
exponentially as well let me give you an
example let's say that you make that 3
000 a month that we were talking about
earlier maybe you actually want that to
go into a new skill that you're learning
like marketing or advertising your
example or you want to learn how to do
good copywriting like how to write very
good scripts and um
uh
you
want to learn how to like write
advertising scripts or maybe if you're a
content creator you want to invest that
money back into like an improv class
maybe it costs you 200 a month to go to
an improv class twice a week where
you're learning to be a better creator
so if let me just ask you that
intuitively just ask yourself this
question do you think if you went to an
improv quest and learned about comedy
twice twice a week do you think you'd be
a better creator
i can tell you that you intuitively
probably know you'd be a better creator
because you would be a better creator so
there are all these ways that you can
sit down and this is the process right
so the first step i think is sit down
and say what could i learn or leverage
or who could i hire
we'll get back to that a minute
which is contractor or otherwise
who that who could take me
to the next level right
and then
make that list
and
and so like the way this would look is
like
um i i i'll use some examples for
content creators because that's still
the majority of the audience here so
like there's there's so many fascinating
ways that you probably have never
considered you could you could leverage
um your your money that you make from
content creation that you now just
suspend for your personal expenses um
what if you hired a writer what if you
hired a person that just their only deal
was to send you ideas for a show like um
i had that for a while i had a person
who sent me messages for on discord
every day for shows and that's all they
did um i hired a public speaking uh
person for my so i'm just gonna go
through the stuff i did right i i did
improv i hired a stand-up comedian to
get on zoom and go watch my vods with me
to make me more funny i did improv i did
i did public speaking which is one of
the reasons why if you go back and you
look at the videos that i made six or
seven years ago there is a huge change
between the way that i communicate now
both in the way that i
contextualize things to the way that i
stutter less
now you think about stuttering you study
more
the delivery the
cadence everything is different that's
because i spent real money reinvesting
back into that business but there's also
more obvious things you could do what
about going on fiverr and upping your
graphics what about going on fiverr and
upping your um your uh your your
marketing whether about like spending
some money to get some help to start
writing a newsletter or engaging your
audience in a different way see so if
you run a business or you run a content
creation plot or you're a platform
person or whatever you are
as long as you're in freelance there are
ways to grow your skill set like you're
a consultant you're an individual
consultant you charge 100 an hour sit
down and ask yourself how could i
double this rate well maybe you can
double it right now and your clientele
wouldn't say a thing that's often the
case particularly for people that are
undercharging themselves you could you
could double with triple your rate no
problem
um
and and and you don't have to change
anything so maybe that's maybe just
asking that question makes you that
money right um
but but uh
also
maybe you could just be okay if uh i'm
currently like a sales consultant and if
i add in how to
uh hire domain experts for example right
then maybe that additional skill set
would justify this increase in my
consulting budget you see so so thinking
about how to pay yourself out at equity
where in a business equity is how do i
reinvest in my business
so that it produces exponential results
but personally it's reinvesting in
your um personal knowledge your personal
well-being i think that meditation class
is a investment in equity i think that
yoga is an investment i think that going
to the gym and getting a membership is
and
you you so i think um the way to think
about this and this is step three of the
process set aside
a percentage of income as high as
possible every month
that
you will dedicate to equity based
investment whether that be in your
business whether that be personally or
otherwise and then do it i mean that can
be physical mental spiritual financial
and it should be a combination of those
right i always say set aside a
percentage of income for investing like
you're studying and this is kind of the
same idea except you're investing in
yourself you're setting aside a portion
of your income so that you can invest in
your own exponential value and that will
increase over time and i
uh in in a business sense um this
usually means looking at the things that
you are running into problems with over
and over again and hiring out those
solutions which doesn't necessarily mean
a full-time person but depending on your
level you can um i talk to a lot of
content creators that are making
well over like 20 to 30 to 40 000 a
month because content creation like when
you get really successful with it they
have a very high upside but their team
is like one person and and this is
actually crazy like you can go up to
like really high levels of content
creation on twitch and youtube find
people with like one to two million subs
on youtube that are easily paid like
like pulling in like several hundred
thousand dollars a year and their money
is just sitting in a bank account and
they could they could take so they could
do so much if they hired like people
whose job it was to up their game like
anything you can imagine there's a coach
for right there's a coach for better
delivery of things there's there's funny
coaches like i always joke with my
friends that i went to funny school
because people that uh i remember
hot chubby uh she came
hot chubby's a twitch influencer and and
she came to seattle
uh a couple years ago and then she came
again and
in two years i had taken a lot of improv
and a lot of comments she said you're
different like you're like this is a
different person to hang out with and i
always joke that i said i went to funny
school right but i literally did
i literally went to funny school and
you're not gonna see it on a patreon
right because i'm talking about really
 serious issues but i i've worked
a lot on this right and it's not like me
being this is just me real right i
communicate this way in real life like
i'm this guy i don't like shut off the
camera and i'm like you know this is
like turned off but i'm this guy but the
point being that i've really set this up
in such a way that i
have structured this so that i'm
investing back in myself constantly and
i am spending all the money i can not
only on my real my own investment um but
also on my business so like in the
business we're aggressively hiring sales
people every single income opportunity
that we get in the business right now
we're hiring sales people to do more
outbound to do more creative services
while we well matt and i structure our
sops for the business uh offer standard
operating procedures and and and lock
that down we're hiring salespeople
personally uh just this month i invested
in tai chi um where i go to class and i
take tai chi uh twice a week and i you
know spent six hundred dollars for i
don't know um
many many weeks of that and just
committed and said okay let's go and so
that's just like that thinking that i'm
just trying to always kind of invest
back in myself and i think if you keep
doing that you will be a fundamentally
different person from people that live
paycheck to paycheck
um
and they just don't understand that
they think there's no way out of like
the the paycheck grind or they're
looking for a way out and they don't
realize that the way out is short-term
sacrifice you have to sacrifice things
you may really want like like really
really want like um
you may have to live in a place with
roommates you may have to
um not spend any money on luxury at all
you may have to live like very simply
right but you could if you could give
ten percent back to yourself to really
learn skills um and and also there's
just so much free up free opportunity
now just like youtube you know will
teach you any skill but i like paying
for things it's one of the reasons why i
paid up front for a lot of tai chi
because it will keep me going it will
stay it will keep me
keep my skin in the game right keep my
stakes in it
and so i think if you kind of sit down
as a result of this video and you think
about some of the ways that you can
invest back into your business yourself
that it will return exponential value to
you and you'll start to escape that
grind of like man i'm getting paid the
same amount or like six percent more
over the course of like two to five
years what's wrong with me what's wrong
with you is like you're not increasing
your individual individual value or your
business is not increasing its value to
other people and so you have to step
back and and do this process and say
okay what could i learn leverage or who
could i hire that would take me to this
next level so i hope that helps
i like really enjoy this concept and
just kind of like love talking about
this and leave some comments if you
think it was useful or just like what
your thoughts are thanks okay talk soon
