okay hey so we got a question in the
mastermind this is about building
communities says how do you set
boundaries in your discord for weirdos
and time vampires that want all your
attention i used to have never any
amount of people that want help with
things in game it's extremely draining
so i was glad i eventually left the
discord store that was causing it in my
personal discord i used to promote it
but got weirdos they're two players
social so i go to my own discord and
burn links to it uh i wanna reopen this
though to connect with some more people
have good relationships and really want
to avoid those two types of people the
most okay so i'm gonna talk about
community building and i'm going to talk
about how you ought think as a community
builder um people that that know me
obviously know i have a bit of
experience with this particularly i
think in in a discord that has since
become centered on
mostly like informative and educative
like type stuff i can i can talk about
this quite a bit and i'm gonna give you
like the really big delivery right now
like just the thing that i think you
need to think about um or everyone needs
to think about when you're building
communities
and
um there's a whole another conversation
right that's like should i build a
community that's that's something that i
think more people should think about
where i don't think that for the vast
majority of products and services that
you need a community actually that i
used to think that i used to think that
and i think this is a garyvee thing that
like people that watch a lot of like
garyvee are the sort of like the
marketing zeitgeist right now is we need
to build these communities and we have
to have people like love our product and
love our team and understand it and
interact with it in order to sell it but
that's not true like you don't need that
um you just need a good sales
proposition and a good product right
like you can do like pay-per-click
advertising can directly
fill up a 100 million dollar business no
problem right there's there's not
necessarily a hard fast need to uh have
a community so you all ask yourself if
you should build a community for what
you're doing first of all but if you
decide on bloody community that's what
this video is for and the the the one
thing is you are one person right
and there's a difference between what i
would call micro creation
and macro creation and i had to learn
this um over a lot of period of time
micro creation i would define as like
for example um responding to a single
post in a discord okay so there's gonna
be that person who sees it in benefits
there's going to be a few people around
that are lurking always remember there's
like more people that are reading things
than there are uh people that are
responding in fact like the vast
majority only five percent are typing
and like a lot of people are also um
uh
are like reading so that's actually
something to keep in mind for something
later and then macro creation is um
something you create
that feasibly will go to most people
okay
so if you are in your discord
interacting with people
and you are one-to-one responding to
them you are micro-creating
where you could make a video about that
subject and then you could post it in
your announcement section and then
everybody could benefit from it
but there's another important part of
that idea that i think encompasses the
sort of feel that you want as a
community builder which is that as a
community builder your community can
infinitely scale but you can't scale
because you are one person with 24 hours
of time so how do you
create the
idea that you are always around um and
that you're creating things
but you don't have that sort of like
one-to-one personal interaction
the answer is you
um
create
a
sense
of macro creation at all times and you
directly interact with people at
different tiers depending on how they
interact with you um how they
and really how they pay you honestly um
so
using my
personal discord as a example
i do not interact with general chat
you'll see that it's actually a chat
that i have bored out so um it will be
very rare that i interact with general
chat if i do interact with general chat
which is the chat where everybody is it
is because i am um directly posting
something that i i know everyone else in
the
discord will want to see to set the tone
uh i interact with mastermind chat
almost one to one because everybody
there pays to be there and is there to
learn so i'm always always always trying
to interact with that chat and i
interact with supporter chat casually
and then i also have theme chat so like
path of exile you'll see that i just
posted here even just a couple of
minutes ago right just like talking
about path of exile league of legends
i'll post here here's me like posting
something here right um
so i will interact with chats that um
are either very theme specific where i
can keep the the topic a certain way and
i know people like won't judge me for
being like the owner of the server or
i'll interact with like supporter chat
or mastermind chat this is like my
intention to like answer questions here
and i'll do this as direct as possible
so
um
in this
not responding to general chat
is
a really important concept that like uh
there's a concept of marketing called
what is greater than zero
and i used to be a big believer in this
it's funny how so much has changed uh
one is greater than zero basically means
that if you respond and you make a
single impression on a person that is
better than not making that impression
so for example with one is greater than
zero you would respond to every twitter
comment that you get you would respond
to every reddit comment that you get you
respond to every youtube comment that
you get because interacting directly
with that person builds rapport with
that person and oh and makes it so that
that person is uh more connected to you
in theory so that seems like a pretty
logical concept right the reality is
though that and this is what i thought
right because one is greater than zero
is a is a big core concept of gary vee's
marketing is a big course core concept
again the zeitgeist of marketing today
is community interaction but as i
advance through business and i'm i'm
building businesses at a top level i
don't think that community interaction
is as important as people think it is
and i'm actually diverging from that
opinion now i don't want to like contest
like the the monsters that are in this
like um this philosophy but i i really
do believe this and i'm gonna kind of
explain why so yes spending your time
doing one is greater than zero is going
to build individual rapport but if you
focus on macro creation if you're making
videos if you're making posts if you're
making advertisements if you're making
things that can reach a large amount of
people and you're making them on
platforms that are designed to reach a
large amount of people so like youtube
or like linkedin where you will
automatically reach out to these people
or tick tock through these algorithms
right i think that is better than one is
greater than zero i would rather spend
my time
creating a video like this whereas i
could have gone into mastermind chat and
i could have responded directly with a
couple of bullet point answers and in
three minutes i could have solved this
problem for this person
or
i could make a video about community
building that goes to my entire patreon
of 300 people right and um and might at
some point go to a youtube and or or
just be content that is generally
available for consumption that could be
made an article of that there's all
kinds of things we could do with this
okay so
the the literal existence of this video
is an example of macro versus micro
creation
and an example of my belief i literally
just did it i i don't believe that in
one is greater than zero could i build
individual rapport with colin if i
answered him directly yes but let me ask
you will he feel that individual rapport
knowing that i made a video of his
question absolutely he will right
probably feel more
and that same report will be for
everybody in mastermind chat because
they will know that i am directly
reading this and i'm answering questions
from it and i'm answering them in a way
that's far more comprehensive than just
a post so
but at the same time i'm also following
my rule of macro creation and i'm
reaching out so you see i'm getting that
rapport but i'm also building um the but
i'm also and i'm also building the sense
that i am here to answer
widespread macro questions and address
them in turn and that is something that
um
uh
and that i'm not here as much to to be a
micro content creator i'm not here to
reply to messages that you'll probably
forget a post in uh you know two seconds
where it scrolls by and somebody else is
on something else whereas with a video
you can go back to it again and again
and again you can look at community
building okay um
so so i think that if you follow these
rules
i have learned that um
a lot of very small community builders
they put a lot of attention especially
initially
on
responding to like everything
particularly like small broadcasters or
youtubers when they get youtube comments
will respond to every youtube comment
um or respond to every twitter comment i
don't i think this makes people look
weak i think it doesn't make them look
strong i i think it's not it's not a
strong thing to respond to everything
it's it's a strong thing to focus on
your mission as to why you are creating
that community in the first place and
publish things at a high level for those
people to consume that are your best
quality stuff
and if you do respond to somebody
um
it should be in the line of that
philosophy so if you look at the the
total amount of influx that i get
which is like hundreds of twitter
comments um hundreds of youtube comments
you can go back through my last 10
youtube videos and i may have responded
to one or two comments maybe i think i
think it would probably be zero um
it might be if it's someone like uh um a
high-end streamer or someone that i feel
like i should respond to like zizeron or
someone in the comments or something
that i i might do even then right and
the reason i don't respond to those
comments is usually because i don't read
them right and i don't read them because
and this is another one is greater than
zero concept in community building
i don't believe that the mental energy
that i need to put forth to interpreting
and dealing with someone else's opinion
is worth the effort whereas i could be
creating something that is more
impactful um with my own time and my own
creativity and my own energy for example
um i have received a enormous amount of
flashback um for my nft videos and my
cryptocurrency videos so um and it's so
funny right that i'm not selling
anything i'm not selling any nfc i'm not
selling any kind of uh cryptocurrency or
anything nobody no nobody even in my
patreon has any idea of what the
projects are right just talking about
the concept of them but this offends
people so much that i've gotten hundreds
of hate comments i mean like like to the
degree that i don't think i've gotten
since i've been
on twitch a long time ago uh uh just
hundreds of hate comments
like and i mean like like hate comments
right like real hate right uh like like
real real like legit hate people on
somebody that have said they've been sub
for years you know all that bs right and
by the way this is for community
builders this is always when i know i'm
going the right direction is when when
i'm starting these conversations with
people and i'm getting this kind of
controversy it's a good thing it's it
means that like um i'm i'm shaking some
things it's good so anyway i bring that
up because um
i don't read those comments i have no
idea what the comments are on my nft
video and i i wouldn't in my darkest
hour go and make myself feel bad by
reading them i'm sure they're very
negative but i don't have time for that
and you shouldn't either as a community
builder you should be focusing on macro
creation you should be focusing on
something that will produce something
that um
uh
could
address like your community and and
build it better so for example with the
nft thing
i could go in there and battle every
individual comment and i actually had
this experience in my discord where many
many people came in and started trying
to fight me on i would go into like the
cryptocurrency chat i'd go into the the
chats and i would go back and forth with
people on the nft cryptocurrency thing
and i was like you know what like it
eventually is inspired my video that was
why bother with cryptocurrency that
addressed a lot of these concerns i i
went from micro to macro i realized i
needed to do that and you'll you'll get
stuck in this micro con like like yo
micro microcosm literally where you'll
be posting back and forth you need to
like elevate yourself out of that go go
up and say i'm doing it again i'm
responding people individually i need to
go make a video about this and so like
um i could do something like i could
take all the concerns of people's
cryptocurrency concerns and i could put
them into an article and i could address
them right um that's what i basically
did in the why bother video uh i could
put i i like uh restreaming right it was
another one where like i always have
people come in and say um
why why by the way streaming
it dilutes the audio it's just a ton of
 that we just know factually is
not true right this is objectively not
true like if you are not re-streaming in
this day and age you are crazy you're
just a literal crazy person you are
actually objectively wrong and like and
like i know this like i know this like
we have so much data right so do i go
address that person individually and and
like address that person or
do i
actually make a video about it right
like tick-tock live best place to stream
unequivocally there's there's no
question right it is so much better than
any other platform right now um there
there's no question um do i individually
address that in like the general chat
when people are asking or do i go make a
video that's called the absolute best
place to stream 2022 right which one's
gonna do better which was gonna reach
more people so now you're thinking like
community builder um
you should get your so then just some
simple stuff before we end because it's
already been a little bit long but like
you should get yourself your community
by tears um it is totally okay for every
community builder to have a patreon i
think they should i i think moreover
their patreon should weave into their
content i think you should strive to
make that patreon a lot better um i am
uh currently thinking of two ways that i
will improve this patreon that i'm
really excited about
that i'll kind of like finally come
around
um and
i think you can gate your time behind
monthly subscriptions i think i think
it's perfectly reasonable um if your
community likes what you do
they will support you right and if and
if they don't like you what you do they
won't support you but you should still
create even if you're creating for two
or three people you're creating a
library of backlog stuff like i
originally built this patreon and was
gonna do all these videos and i i just i
have no idea how many people watch these
videos i really don't like i have no
idea how many people are gonna watch
this um i don't care it might be like 20
or 50 people but i create it because i
want the practice of creating it i know
it's valuable i want it to exist in the
world right you should be the same way
um
and then
those people that have that have paid
you something right are really telling
you with that money hey i find value in
your stuff keep doing it that's really
important and those are the people you
should engage with um as much as
possible so that is why like you'll see
me in support of chat all the time right
because supported chat requires five
dollars to get in so i'll be it's not
because i want the money it's because i
want to engage with that level of person
typically uh but let's say that um
just to answer this last question here
let's say that you do all that and you
have a person in like your highest tier
that is um supporting you financially
but
is super para social and um is like
requiring a lot of your time what do you
do that's a that's that's probably
something that nobody wants to talk
about it's really uncomfortable okay i
will tell you what to do um and this is
gonna be like kind of rough okay you
should have a direct one-to-one
conversation with that person and i and
be like hey um this is taking too much
of my time i respect that you wanna
financially support me thank you but i
have to focus on the bigger picture for
me and um i'm going to like just like
walk you pick you out whatever it takes
right i will usually and this is a if
you talk to my cl's and the people in my
community uh ask them if they know what
a vibe man is because a vibe ban is a
really interesting concept that not
enough community leaders actually uh uh
uh actually use and i think every
community user every community leader
should do vibe lands
a vibe ban is so when bands are obvious
right if somebody comes in spams the
n-word you ban them you're done okay no
problem
but what's the vibe the bad ban is if
you don't feel like a person
is
a fit for your community for any reason
you ban them
so if a person comes in to my chat and
starts talking a lot and it's pretty
clear they have some mental health
issues and and like look this isn't easy
to talk about it's gonna be a tough
conversation so bear with me looks like
they have some mental health issues um
they're typing like paragraphs of stuff
and they're kind of like uh bringing the
whole mood down and you can feel that
vibe
lower uh you banned them and they might
not do anything wrong they're not
they'll break any of your rules but you
ban them and you could tell them why you
ban them often i don't because uh to
aggravate
those people
could create a situation where that
person um go like tilts off and is like
making five six ten accounts um and
bothering you for months at a time so uh
man i've actually never had this
conversation before but like this is
actually a real part of community
building so i'm glad we're getting to
this
and i'll actually point to this part of
the video because i think a lot of
people are very afraid to do this
um
if you see a person who has uh very
queer mental health issues
you should in my opinion right you
should not engage with that person you
should ban them quietly and move on and
don't engage and instruct your cl's and
mods um to not mess with that why
because typically there's been a few
times in my broadcasting career where um
i some those types of people who who uh
like really attached to a person have um
have have come to me and and and if i
and if you personally
give that person like let's say you 101
dm and say hey man um really appreciate
you coming into the community just don't
feel like you're a fit i'm going to ban
you right you may actually trigger that
person to then like obsess over you and
and be there 24 7. um and then you may
be tempted to like save that person but
you can't save drowning victims because
they will pull you under so i the the
harsh truth is you ban that person
quietly and they go away and they'll and
they will go look for because what
they're looking for at their core is
they're looking for that attention so i
will always band like a like a true
vampire um i will get rid of that person
uh and i will not engage i will never
ever engage that person if they create
another account they come back on band
again right um because you do not want
to create that arch nemesis
now if i think a person doesn't have
mental health issues and they're cool um
but they're just negative and they're
kind of just like bringing down the vibe
then i'll usually message them or or
like i'll have a like a mod will able to
say hey like you're not a fit for this
community really appreciate you sorry
i'm gonna let you go and that's okay to
do right it's your community you like
here's the thing i i i think this is the
real conversation that colin needed
because like he burned his own discord
because he was like man this like
community like i'm just not feeling it
and that means that he let a lot of
these types of people survive because
there's a lot of people that are really
negative that know how to not break the
rules
and they and they're not gonna do things
that um
like you will make you feel like you
should ban them but you should right
like if you ever get that feeling like
man i can't stand this guy like this
person should not be in my community you
ban them does not matter if they have uh
if they and just like just like you
could like wait to address this like you
could just announce it you just
literally be like like in your rules hey
we do vibe bands which means like if
like you could maybe not do anything
wrong but if i'm not feeling you and
like this is just not a thing all right
like that's it i'm like you're out and
that's it and there's no appeal process
it's over thanks right and you can ban
whoever you want you're the community
leader right so at the at
at the core
um
you should build a community that you
are proud of being a part of
unfortunately for me um
i have like like i say that but like i
have actually personally failed in this
way um
in my general chat
in that i am not comfortable interacting
in my journal chat anymore every time i
do i go in and i um i just have negative
people that burned me down uh i do know
how to know how to solve this problem a
lot of them are are years and years of
like community members so um uh i
occasionally post an announcement
that just brings people back into line
you can probably see
um
i think i think a few up
right
uh just tired where people attack me
before my videos there and defend them
they only happen to this chat 98 of
discussion is productive two percent of
you know who you are i've been a while
and and
just do shortcomings right so i
occasionally post a thing that's like
hey i'm gonna start aggressively banning
uh for people that are doing this if you
are like and that fixed the problem
right like this actually addressed the
problem got a lot of responses things
like that so you can communicate with
your community that things are getting a
little bit too hot and and burn it in
but still i don't feel very comfortable
interacting with that general chat but i
don't feel like i should i don't feel
like i need to feel comfortable with it
so i haven't fixed the problem so um i
would much rather just stay in um in the
supporter chat i'd much rather stay in
the mastermind chat where i can add
value and then focus on that concept of
macro creation that i was uh that i was
telling you guys about before okay but
that's like the really hard conversation
you might have to have but you will have
to have this community leader every one
of you will get those like really
intense parasocial unfortunately there
are a lot of people especially that like
attract themselves to discord
communities and particularly in live
streaming um i i think more than any
other place there are a lot of people
who um have mental health issues are
looking for some kind of validation
through like a like like a figure that
can um support that uh in my experience
you do not want to um
get involved in that at all and and at
the very and at the very least be like
hey
um
like you can provide therapy resources
right like we often do uh through our
community where somebody might come in
they might be suicidal they might be um
they might be like really on edge or
depressed we immediately point them to
rad right and we say hey here's like a
form you can fill out right away get in
get in contact with therapists like they
can help you out uh this community so
that's a good response right you can say
this community doesn't support this kind
of thing we can't do this here um but
here's a person that can help good luck
and then you you send them a ban and you
give them the message right um but do
not be atlas and put that weight on your
shoulders where you have to solve
everybody else's like problems um and
and and just in general i think to start
thinking about macro creation much more
than micro creation when you're
community building because um you can
you like this can take hours of your
time you could you can literally like
and and you won't like um this is a
concept that i think was permeating this
video but i didn't explain very well
you won't be strong you won't look
strong meaning you um
people responding to everybody uh like
look at every top influencer like no
influencers do this right like no like
you don't see a soda pop under an xqc
he's never responding to every single
person so you don't need to be you don't
need to do that to get big in fact show
me a single influencer that's above like
10 000 current viewers on twitch that
responds to everybody right nobody does
that right um because the people are
there for the macro creation the content
that they're actually building and not
for the um the personal interaction and
the more that you can build on that
macro creation the better you will be
and the more valuable you will be to a
greater number of people okay thanks for
watching see you again soon bye
