hey so first of all thank you so much
for supporting me on patreon if you're
watching this video you have supported
me on patreon in some way or found a way
to steal it and should consider
supporting me on patreon either way
thank you very much for supporting me on
patreon genuinely yes i really am
excited about this project and i hope we
can use it to
bring a lot more funding into stuff that
we want to do like stuff like the lab
and the discord community server and put
a lot of resources towards like research
and making even more cooler stuff that
we can do in the future that's why i set
up the patreon so hopefully it'll do
that
um
at novo we have a motto that's what will
you create
that's that's that's like the motto we
have for the whole business you can see
it on the website and everything
and i want to start this patreon and
this first video with this concept which
is probably the most important concept i
can tell you and i may do a future video
about this at some point that's all like
more refined but like
what will you create to me means um
going forward
most of you subscribing to this some of
you just want to support what i do which
is awesome thank you for that and maybe
you kind of stopped by for occasional
life advice and
the um
[Music]
the stuff that you get from whatever i
do i guess but a lot of you i think i
either
either at some point in the future or
now
are trying to either build a business
become an entrepreneur in some way do
some kind of freelance work um move up
in your jobs or positions or create
content and for all of you i have the
same piece of advice which is central
message if i had to blow down everything
that um
i do and i talk about it's what will you
create
so
if you paid five dollars to watch this
video i want and then you never you
unsubscribe and nothing else um comes
from this i want you to get your value
right here so
when i think of what you will create i
think that there are two things that
really differ success and failure
and
well there's one thing and it differs
the two things of success and failure
you can tell this is a lot less
scripted video right just kind of
talking which is going to be a lot of
these like patreon type things there'll
still be value though if you can have
the patience to sort through it
so
that that thing that that that is the
chasm between success and failure is
people that are very successful are
creating things in the world that stick
so like for example a youtube vod is
what ludwig would call twitch stream and
ludwig would call a lottery ticket and i
love that idea of a lottery ticket
because every single vod that you create
has the potential to pop off and be
successful at some later date
what a lot of people don't realize is
that that is actually true of anything
static in the world that you put in to
the world so like a piece of art a um a
blog post an article a video um
everything that you put into the world
should be something that uh you create
that exists for other people to consume
to judge to form opinions on and um
and this is true at the most granular
levels of a job where maybe you're
writing systems or operating procedures
that can then be used by the company um
to get recognition for things uh a good
example of this in content creation is
one of the things that the main thing
that separated death c destiny is a
magic the gathering content creator and
one of the ways that he got up to like a
thousand concurrence in the magic the
gathering category is he just started
making a tier list and every single time
that something would come out he would
especially for draft which is where he
found a niche which is you know a whole
nother discussion but something you
obviously have to do
uh
he was able to
he he was able to make a tier list for
drafting that that was second to none
because he just put so much time into it
just a very advanced excel document you
can still search for destiny's tier list
and like clockwork will have every set
um and uh some other people in the magic
community particularly have done really
well on this the the fireball podcast
right um or sorry uh
it's sponsored by fireball but it's
called um
i can't recall what it's called uh
limited resources is the is the podcast
uh has a very successful tier discussion
right and so like if you have an
expertise in something you can you can
very easily create something like that
so um if you're in a job or something
creating a standard operating procedure
around something that you see is a
problem over and over again is something
that you can do that you can easily put
your name on and then people will
reference that and higher higher-ups in
the company like you'd be surprised how
that goes this is like
there's like a difference between um
stuff that sort of dissipates you could
imagine like drawing kanji symbols and
water versus drawing them in ink where
if you if you send an email that's like
an answer to a problem it just gets lost
but if you create a google doc it's
there forever and you can reference that
again and again and again if you make a
live stream and you are trying to create
content well you're like drawing water
right you're drawing cymbals and water
because it'll be there for the moment
for the people to see it but it's gone
after that if you've drawn an ink it's a
lot harder to erase vod is ink or
writing is ink you know you can make a
linkedin post or a video like this one
will exist forever whereas if i ran a
live stream and i said the same thing
you know maybe a thousand of you would
see it but then after that it would be
gone
so what will you create i think applies
to everything in life and is not just
for content creators is for everything
in business you want to always make sure
that you are creating something tangible
in the world that people can consume and
and judge your mind especially if you
are a beginning person at this site this
idea if you are if you have not done
this a lot your mind will go to
not wanting to do this because um when
you create something in the world and
you put it out whether it be like a post
or like a like an opinion especially if
it's controversial you will get judged
for it that's that's that's the cost of
putting things into the world is that
you you put them into the world right as
there's people now that can judge them
and you will have to balance and deal
with the the fear um that gateway of of
making these things happen because
that's scary but uh if you do the reward
will be um your regard with a greater
expertise uh and and the the greater
benefits for people for
um the treasure always is available for
people who are willing to work harder
right that's a sort of natural process
because
the way that um
the way this success works is that if
success is easy then everybody figures
out how to do it and then
success just moves up in tears so the
most difficult things to do are always
the most successful because those are
the ones that people don't want to do so
as you cut away barriers and or you add
barriers to success uh the higher
rewards are there so there's one such
reward behind the wall of judgment and
opinion and when you create things even
if you feel like you're a software
engineer doing full stack development on
the back end that you never talk to
anybody right or just back back end
development uh there may be a system of
operating procedures or or way of
programming or something that you can
add to your team that would add value
right so you never want to underestimate
this is not just advice for content
creators
uh it's advice for everybody a lot of
people can get really ahead of in a
company by just designing better systems
around things or solving problems that
they then submit up and they're they get
recognized as an expert in that field
and then they move up way quicker
so what will you create is the where i
want to start uh this patreon at i think
um and i hope this is a really good
piece of advice because it's something
that you can stick with and
you can have for
um forever that you could like like once
you have those things you start to build
a repertoire to get to the point where a
lot some some experts that do this all
the time have like hundreds of hours of
stuff that is just like super valuable
and and free or
some of some of the behind pay walls but
you can like go to a person like gary
vaynerchuk or maybe even eventually like
devin nash right and uh you can see like
all the stuff that's ever been created
because they've just focused on
evergreen for so long so you have this
um
you have this value that you that you
add um constantly and every single piece
stacks on top of each other until you
build like a whole empire around it and
then um before you know it like people
will really regard that empire and that
body of your work for better or worse
but that's the that's the thing you pay
for success right
so if if you like this um i'll do a lot
more stuff like this and eventually some
of this these talks will be youtube
videos or something it'll be like a lot
less uh
a lot less put together here but uh i do
want to just like say i'm so grateful if
people choose to support this patreon as
of the filming of this video i have no
idea if this is going to be five people
or 15 or 50 or what um i've no idea how
many people will sign up for this and uh
that won't change the fact that i'm
trying to provide values i'm i'm in a
very fortunate position where i run an
agency and uh my life has always been
about like trying to
um
create value in places
as free as possible so so that will
continue on all of my channels um but uh
supporting me really means a lot because
you believe in what we're doing here
enough that you want to put something
behind it and then that i can then use
those resources to go back to the lab
and do more research for my videos i can
um i can put funding towards uh projects
like um like discovery projects or new
video ideas or new content ideas or
bringing in mentors who can help with
like things like the mastermind chat and
so there's like a lot of things that i
can do with that funding that i think
would like improve the community um from
the people's standpoint that um
people just want to become successful
and and do that in a non like sleazy way
where like i sell like a like a like a
multi-hundred dollar course that has no
interactivity with it so you just are
kind of like probably don't even adopt
it or take it and then you like end up
with this like very expensive product
that like you don't even want to go
through motivation to like do things
like helps when you have other people to
like push you forward and make things
happen um and so all of my all of my
projects to that end on the patreon are
to create promote and create that
interactivity and the funding helps me
do that uh the more that this makes the
more that i can do that so um see what
happens but i just want you to know that
i'm grateful some of you he'll be here
too just because you want to support
what i do and toss five bucks at it or
more and that's awesome
like i uh you guys are the real ogs and
and thank you for doing that all right
that's the first video um stay tuned for
more
