hello this is a video about productivity
the most effective productivity
methodology that I have found to work
it's also about working too much or too
little and it is prompted by a
mastermind question
I think this is an important topic
lately on patreon and YouTube we've been
doing a lot of objective topics so stuff
that's like this is exactly what you
need to do process oriented topics to
succeed this is a more sort of
theoretical mindset topic which I think
are just as much important but if you're
looking for like the objective stuff
skip this one so the question is from
alinx a fantastic member of The
Mastermind community and it reads
here's a question I have that could also
be good for Mastermind call how do you
guys turn the switch off as far as
working goes I can't enjoy playing video
games anymore all I want to do is learn
or be making something like an ad or
something not burning out or dislike it
but I feel like it could be unhealthy in
the long run if I boot up a game all I
think about is something I could be
doing in my business or learning or
reading something that pertains to the
business all I do is consume and talk
about my business and ways to grow Etc
what do you guys think about this so
I want to share a little bit of my own
Journey with this and then give some of
these sort of practical techniques that
I use to
balance my life now because I was this
guy I was this guy at CLG I worked when
I when I worked for Esports team I legit
worked seven days a week from
God it was like I would wake up in the
morning at six I would go to yoga for an
hour and then I'd be on until like two
or three in the morning the next day I'd
sleep like four hours five hours and in
the long run it was really bad because
it probably took me like maybe
a year to recover from that and like and
I don't really like ever want to work
that hard again and and more importantly
what I'm gonna talk about in this video
is that I don't think that that level of
work is essential to success I think
that's like the really key takeaway that
you're gonna want from this video for
everybody who's listening is that
there's this perception especially now
in like this grind hustle culture that
you've got to work really hard to become
successful I just don't think it's true
I I think that we are in a world of AI
and we are in a world of leveraging and
delegating that I I think that if I
explain to you like how I've gone
through business and now how I do
business today you'll start to see like
okay wow like there may be a different
way to approach this problem and I want
to start by saying that I I don't think
that
um working purely on your business is a
good thing I used to be this guy I used
to be like the hustle Gary vaynerchuk
grind culture do more you can always be
doing more I like I would say stuff like
okay you work a nine to five like what
are you doing six to two and I think
that's absurd now I think that's that's
a crazy thing because I I think there's
a couple of reasons why that I want to
list so we're gonna bust out the old
notepad here for it
um and there's a couple of reasons why I
I think that first I'm going to teach
you the philosophy that I use okay ready
for this it's really really easy it's
called on off okay so when you're on
all you do is work
and when you're off you don't work at
all
and in order to reinforce this I'm going
to tell you a story this is a Zen story
okay
so there's two students of Zen and
they're arguing over which one of their
masters is more enlightened the first
student says
my master is surely more enlightened
because he can conjure Wind and Fire in
the elements from his bare hands and he
can walk on the earth and levitate it he
can levitate himself
he has great power so surely he's more
enlightened
and the other student says well that's
really impressive that's really cool my
master is enlightened even more still
and the first student says how do you
mean like what could he do
and the student said when my master eats
he only eats
when he sits he only sits and when he
sleeps he only sleeps
and the other student had to conceived
that that was the greatest level of
Enlightenment so why what does that
Design Story teach us
well to me it means that
we are at our absolute best when we are
not distracted and we are totally
focused on our goals
and oftentimes everything in the world
is the opposite now like you've got
three monitors you've got social media
you've got music going on you've got a
YouTube video playing and the best work
is done when you're totally utterly
focused and you understand the objective
and you're gonna do that and you're
gonna eliminate all distractions all the
best most successful people I know
they totally eliminate distractions work
for a period of time and then they shut
off so for me here's what I do I have
this guy this guy is a timer what he
does is I set a time that I'm gonna work
for I say okay I think this activity is
going to take let's say 30 minutes right
so I'll just go like over the 30 minutes
I'm doing this backwards so it's a
little bit harder okay there you go so
it's like 30 minutes
and then I'll just hit the timer and
there it goes and the timer will count
down
and once that time is up I'll say is the
product done maybe I need to add more
time maybe to take a break but I'll be
totally on no Discord messages no phone
no nothing literally nothing the world
could end while I'm working and I would
not know and I'm totally utterly focused
on that goal I have found that if I do
this I really can work four to six hours
a day
maximum with real efficiency and anyone
that has been following the company over
the last year knows that we are doing
way better than we ever have like our
revenue is skyrocketing I'm way more
successful than I was at CLG and I work
I mean literally a fifth of the time
so why was I so much less effective at
CLG well I was distracted I I was in
meetings all the time I was making work
for myself and I was busy and I find
that if you have this mindset of just
all you can think about is like
consuming and like learning to read or
something that pertain to the business
you're most likely just wasting a lot of
time doing that versus
um actually working on the stuff that
you need to move move you forward so I'm
going to bring up some points and we're
gonna go like kind of Point by point on
this topic and discuss it uh the first
thing is like kind of a point that we've
already covered which is for 99.9 of
people you just don't need to work all
the time to be successful I think that
if your aspiration in life is
legitimately to be like a billionaire or
you want to be in like the nine figure
club like the 100 million dollars or or
something like that you probably have to
put in like epic levels of work to do
that but you should also ask yourself
the question of like why why would I
want to do that like what's what's the
um what's the real intent of doing that
like are you doing something
philanthropic are you doing something
that like you're gonna try to save the
world like like what kind of goal do you
need that you need that kind of money
the vast majority of people myself
included would be happy with a few
million dollars living a baller life
right but like having family having
hobbies and having things to do so do
you really need to make that kind of
money probably not and you can be a
multi-multi-millionaire many times over
working six hours a day so most people
don't need the time they think they do
um the other thing too is that for most
people again this is point number two
creativity improves when time is off and
on so a lot of people they view
creativity as like a muse the sort of
Greek goddess concept that it just sort
of comes to you but I think writers have
proven and that creativity is pretty
deliberate in the sense that if you sit
down every day to write your two shitty
Pages you're going to improve and you're
going to get good at writing and you're
going to be able to have consistently
good books that's like how Stephen King
does his work and how a lot of prolific
authors like Seth go to do their work
they just they make sure they get those
pages down and they kind of create that
time for creativity then on their off
time when they're exploring the world or
they're exploiting Hobbies they are
getting good ideas for their business
not because they're listening to like
the latest Chris Williamson podcast or
like the latest thing Joe Rogan said but
because something in their life connects
them to that like I can't tell you how
many times that I have gotten a great
idea from someone in Jiu Jitsu or from
yoga or from something else that I'm
doing that is not related to business or
hell I'm just in the shower I'm not
thinking about business at all
deliberately and then something comes to
me and I've got to write it down so I
don't think you need to spend a lot of
deliberate time on those Pursuits as
long as you're like truly on and off
and that comes to point number three
which is that cross-interest improving
business and life outcomes
um other Hobbies lead to the new
opportunities what we just talked about
so
the
the the big Focus you want to have is on
what are you doing that's like the 10 of
work that's moving your 90 like 90 for
most people almost all people that I
talk to they know exactly what this
answer is right like you need to be
sending more emails you need to be
calling prospects you need to be like
making sure the contract is finished
doing deal like whatever you need to do
it's the dumb boring work every day it's
not consuming content it's like the
literal sales process it's literally
just doing more of that how much of the
of like the 80 to 90 that you don't need
to do it's like oh instead of playing a
video game which I've like you've kind
of tricked your mind into playing and
feeling guilty I love playing video
games man I just probably clocked like
300 hours on the last Path of Exile
League over the last couple weeks did it
limit my patreon did my YouTube uploads
yes like sure did
um am I back in the game and like yep
I'm here you know everything's good
still providing value everything's fine
don't feel guilty I used to feel so
guilty about logging into a video game I
hated it and like it it's like in the
fullness of time moving my business
forward moving my family forward with
that with it doesn't need need to be
this like all in game because what's
gonna happen is you're gonna find all
these things to take up your time to
make you feel like you're being
productive but really you're just
procrastinating in a different way doing
the dumb boring work like four to six
hours a day and then being okay and
deliberately shutting yourself off
that's like a really important thing
like deliberately shutting yourself off
that's all you need I think it's good
right because like think about it like
can you genuinely remember the last 10
videos you consumed
can you remember the last three things
you consumed can you remember the last
two videos that you consumed could you
bring up three bullet points from them
five days from now could you pick up
three bullet points from this probably
not right so most of that stuff is just
kind of going into like the memory bank
and and not doing a lot of work for you
anyway but you really need to be just
doing the real tough work
so
I think having a a productivity strategy
where you're truly on
like you you spent some time beforehand
and maybe that could be part of your on
work where it's like what do I really
need to do today what what's like and
you you know you do every business
meeting what's the Frog I don't want to
eat what's the hard problem I don't want
to solve what's the thing I'm afraid of
that I'm avoiding you can do some of my
like 80 20 analysis stuff to like figure
that out
right what's the story okay I gotta do
that now what all right I'm gonna take a
timer I bought this off Amazon for like
15 bucks the the thing that makes
hundreds of thousand dollars for Novo
it's this guy this is the the highest
Roi at our company is this timer right
here okay you set it for an hour and you
say I'm gonna just work on solving that
problem no Discord no [ __ ] and see
how far you are and what you'll realize
is you'll be like damn
I don't need to do any of the stuff that
I thought I needed to do I don't need to
work 12 hours a day I don't need to be
Gary I don't need to I don't need to be
on the hustle Sigma grind set like I'm
good right because I'm already
accomplishing my goals making tens of
thousand dollars hands over fists and I
can see the ROI in the future is going
to be the exact same thing because I'm
working way less I said before that like
this is something that to some extent
I'm in a um I'm in a little bit of a
tiff about so like forgive me if you're
consuming patreon videos this year in
2023 what we've done at Novo over the
course of the last year is we've really
done a lot of downsizing in the sense
that like we used to have 17 full-time
employees now we have five right and now
we have some va's where it's like I got
into the game of business and you may be
getting into the game of business and
getting the game of success because I
wanted to be the CEO guy I want to have
a bunch of employees and I want to be
really important and I want to have a
bunch of titles and stuff like that and
none of that [ __ ] matters
the people that are actually killing it
are like the guy I used to think that
like being the guy at the convention
where you walk up to the party and no
one like everyone knows who you are and
like you're red carpet that's like the
that's the thing and now I know it's
like the people that no one knows but
they're rocket nine figures and they
know every single important person and
they are making all the decisions that's
who I want to be today so that's like a
lot of people are like oh you moved out
of like the public when you had like a
really good opportunity I'd like a very
successful twitch stream like um I
haven't like really taken a lot of
effort to grow my YouTube deliberately
which could easily be you know one two
million subscribers probably I don't
think I get much bigger than that but
like that's probably that's a pretty big
um haven't taken those options super
happy being the guy writing the checks
for Major Brands to creators you know to
the tune of 250 000 per client per ad
spend per quarter right
um making most of the prominent
decisions on what kind of sponsorships
happen where on major digital platforms
super happy with that right don't care
if anybody in the public knows that or
not so that has enabled me to have a lot
more freedom and a lot less pressure you
know I'm not getting 25 to 30 emails a
day about people wanting to Mentor or
whatever
um even though it's so funny how that
works right because like I'm I'm far
more influential and richer than I was
five years ago but no but I'm not on
Reddit so nobody emails me and I I like
to think much more about that mindset of
like downsizing and trying to optimize
that like when I do work I want to work
uh towards a purpose and I want to work
very deliberately uh with with great
technique and then I want to be done and
then and then I'll and when I'm done
working I'll do something else
that will fulfill me far greater because
like you you should get fulfillment from
your career I get massive fulfillment
from the work that I do but it it just
can't be your only thing like you like
stuff will collapse around you and you
will start missing the windows of
opportunity the real business
opportunity that's there because you
just will only be like singularly
focused on
um like there's a there's a saying it's
like the time
the amount of time that it takes to do
something will expand to its unwanted
time and likewise like the amount of
business stuff there is to consume about
making your business better is like
potentially infinite like there will
always be another podcast there will
always be another thing to listen to
there'll be always be another thing to
like optimize to do another sop or
whatever but it's probably not like the
thing you need to do to like really move
your business forward that stuff doesn't
take a lot of time it's emails it's um
boring grind work stuff like that and if
it is taking a lot of time that's your
signal delegate right that's your signal
like okay I might need a VA I might need
somebody to help me out might need a
part-timer something like that right
that's that's your signal to delegate is
when it's like oh this is legitimately
taking me 30 40 hours of my week so yeah
can I Outsource this for four dollars to
somebody to get it done right so I just
want to um
I just want to like correct for a few
mindset changes it's like and I'll
caveat also by saying it's like there's
going to be a percentage of you that are
just getting into the game and
um you're 20 25 and you are trying to
make money and you're trying to develop
a skill that's like an all-in scenario
where you have no risk no girls or men
no
um no obligations right
and maybe then you can spend like a huge
amount of your working day learning that
but I think you'll still find that like
if you deliberately practice a skill
genuinely as in you're like listening
taking notes reading practicing like
you're trying to you're trying to learn
like
um Adobe Premiere or something and
you're like taking a udemy course you're
taking notes you're practicing you're
editing X number of videos a day and
then you turn off completely you'll find
that you're probably more effective as
well right so so what I'm trying to do
is I'm trying to if you take one thing
away from this it's that I I think you
should have a very solid separation
between your on life work and off-life
work and that if you do that you'll find
yourself more successful even if you're
just getting started and that most
people that are like at the 12 to 15
hour range I I say most but but truly
like I've probably never met anyone who
is really at that range and is like
effective the entire time those people
are mostly just mentally masturbating
with different stuff like you replace
video games with like a three-hour
podcast about uh you know a marketing
opposition that you're gonna take like
maybe one thing from and remember so
that you can can quote it to your friend
right like you're not you're not like
really putting that into practice versus
like if you're really trying to learn
something and something is like really
hitting you then you can be like okay
I'm gonna write that down and then like
tomorrow I'm going to do it like right
learning is more of an aspect of like
how you change your behavior as a result
of learning than it is anything else
like like if you've learned something
then you've learned to change your
behavior because you're now going to do
something different than what you did
before if you did if you do something
the same and you just listen to a
three-hour podcast you just burn three
hours you might as well play video games
be more fun too so that's like my
recommendation all right so that's um
that's turning on and off I would love
to hear your comments of what you think
thanks everybody bye
