here's me 2015 New York City there's my
back of my head there my clean haircut
confetti bigger picture
tiny head right there
staying on stage 18 000 people 2015 in
the CLG versus TSM blowout
the 5-0 where we played at Madison
Square Garden and this is an
unbelievable moment for me and I
remember exactly what I was thinking in
that moment I was thinking how in Earth
did I get here why am I on the stage why
am I at all qualified to be here
especially because it was the players
that were won the game and were playing
and that's what this video is about this
video is about imposter syndrome the
feeling that you are not good enough or
don't belong in the place that you are
and it is encapsulated in this question
on Mastermind chat by Dave does anyone
here deal with imposter syndrome he was
hit with a huge opportunity with a game
that he's been leading now this game has
the opportunity to actually go out to
investors and other Publishers and looks
like it might get picked up but he's
worried that now that money's coming in
paying for third-party assets tools
salaries Etc that he's going to be
redundant or maybe useless because you
can't help ramp up production or lead
the game's development so in the context
of this story
I've never felt more useless or at least
less qualified as I did at CLG and going
forward have always struggled with these
problems but I have three things that
I'm gonna bring up in this talk today
that actually helped me
reconcile with this and get out of it
Esports and Sports in general are a very
win-lose type of situation where you
know either you're standing on the stage
in front of all these people and you're
winning or you go home and you lost and
there's no story to tell
and that losing feeling is something I'm
really familiar with because for every
one of these times we stood on the stage
which was once you know we lost a lot of
games
and I'm going to share with you what
helped me realize that
um I'm capable of being a c-level person
or really any kind of person that I want
to be and I think it will help you as
well
um and and I now realize that like the
company I run now is even bigger than
CLG in terms of Revenue and has
and I feel comfortable in the position I
am there so let's get to it so we know
Dave's question
um let's go with like I like I looked at
whenever I do these videos I always like
look at like some of the answers that
people look at on the internet for
imposters I really don't like them like
I think that most of the advice on this
is bad so I'm glad that I made this
video because I think that these are
things that I've actually been through
that I can talk about so
um the first thing we should talk about
is everything has been said or done
before
okay everything basically every idea
every business every game development
leading game development there's been
somebody in that position that's felt
that way that's felt like they're not
good enough that's like that's LED that
project and done it
and the idea of everything being said
and done before is initially kind of
depressing because it like how many
videos are out there on imposter
syndrome by qualified people probably a
lot probably like hundreds of them like
why bother making this video why
shouldn't I just link a video that I
like to Dave and be done with it right
like why should I create content at all
and I believe that for a long time
before I realized that there was a
caveat to this and that's that
everything has been said and done before
except in your unique voice right
asterisks that's never been done
so the team that you lead the content
that you make the business that you run
the ideas the have been done but it
hasn't been done in the unique way that
you are bringing it to the table and the
reason that matters is because it isn't
the when you think of an impression so
it's somebody that is being impressed
upon I'm sharing an idea with you right
now or somebody is sharing a thought
with you or somebody's executing on a
business you're buying a product okay
that person could have heard that
thought 30 40 50 100 times they could
have bought a product like that 10 fit
20 30 Pro times but the individual
impression
doesn't guarantee that their problem is
solved whether they're probably like the
reason why they bought that product
whatever that's their problem or the
reason they're trying to seek that idea
so you could have watched 10 other
videos about imposter syndrome but
something I say in this one is going
because because of the way I weave it
into my unique voice because of the way
that I explain it maybe it's the story
maybe it's my unique experience no
matter what that is worth putting out
because in my unique voice there might
be something that captures you when
everything else failed to do it so when
you're thinking about starting a
business or you're in the process of
starting a business or you're in a
career where you're moving forward into
a position where you feel like you might
not be qualified one of the most useful
things to think about is well if I bring
my unique voice to this at least it
hasn't been done or in that way before
and for that reason the people around
this will get something different from
it as long as I bring my a game I bring
my best quality right so so then this
only becomes about doing the absolute
best you can with that unique voice
because you now have eliminated that
problem of well somebody has done it
better and for imposter syndrome I think
this is number one because this is
something that bothered me a lot is like
well there are better Esports CEOs true
right there are better people at making
self-improvement videos true right I'm
just an agent I don't like really focus
on self-improvement particularly but I
know I have value to add here because I
have a unique voice to add to it okay
that's number one
number two is a little bit more on the
nose and that is that no one actually
knows what's going on
okay
this one took me a while to understand
so when I say this I mean pretty
literally and I mean outside of a
there's a couple of fields where people
know what's going on okay so anything
that's like really dangerous like
electricians contracted work things that
require actual like hard education to
know and do
um nuclear fission someone that operates
a nuclear power plant
um surgery okay I hope that they know
what's going on more or less sometimes
they don't but but there's a short list
of people that have to know what's going
on and you'd be surprised how short that
list is
everything outside of the like the
qualifications of like Medical Practice
like people that where lives are on the
line literally if they don't know what
they're doing becomes more and more
nebulous in terms of what's actually
going on and even like when you get into
like lawyer stuff and you get into like
people that are qualified through like
bar exams there are plenty of people
that don't know what's going on
um but are very successful incredibly
successful law firms but most of us
don't even concern ourselves with that
we are in like the realm of thought
we're in the realm of like creative
we're like a project manager in this
case in Dave's case he's a lead game
designer right there is no rubric or
qualifications for that job if you're
like a if you're a person who is like
managing a project there is there is no
one that really knows how to execute
that now if you're a leader of a
business and a like a c-level executive
or someone like that you're a CEO or
you're a CMO or you're just like a
person that runs your own thing and
you're the owner of your business then I
guarantee you no one knows what's going
on as the person that started that
business when they started it absolutely
didn't know what's going on once you
understand that you understand that
you're on the same same track as
everyone else and it helps equalize you
because one of the problems with
imposter scenario is that you feel like
there are greater people than you to do
the work uh or or that you're just not
qualified you're not justified and being
able to do it and and like there's some
people that think that like more
education or or more qualifications will
solve that problem most people that
actually have imposter system don't
think that actually they just like
there's no like real objective way of
like oh if I had this I would then feel
like I'm capable so it's it's a mental
shift that you have to make into
realizing that no one knows what the
hell is going on like literally nobody
and especially at like these levels of
leadership in business or or like most
of these major like what I said like
outside of like surgery and outside
these like really um very I'd say hard
disciplines these hard skills like uh
building a boat in a bottle requires a
precision and a knowledge that is
specific and like I probably can't do it
by just like starting it right now but I
could go do it fail and do it enough
times that I could learn how to do that
hard skill and that's something you
should realize as well if if we're
talking about a hard skill that you feel
like you're unqualified in but suddenly
like leading game development is
absolutely not a hard skill so it's it's
what we call a soft skill meaning that
it's flexible it's in the realm of
thought and it's it's something that
um people approach by starting it and
then failing along the way I think you
would be surprised how tolerant
employees and team members are of
failure especially if you take ownership
lots of times people are just looking
for the person who is going to raise
their hand and say I'm it I'm going to
do it I'm going to take the
responsibility because everybody sits in
the place of fear which is like man I
don't want the heat if this goes down if
you ever are in a situation where
there's an accident on the road
or something happens you'll notice that
a lot of people are standing around I'm
sure all of you know this the the vast
majority of people just like stand
around and look right and then sometimes
like occasionally there's like one
person that like runs in and like tries
to actually fix the situation even if
it's like really obvious what you need
to do like you need to pull somebody out
or like you need to like help somebody
everybody has the vision in their head
that they're the person that's going to
stand up raise their hand and say I'm it
I will take the responsibility I'll take
the responsibility for that project I'll
save this person I'll do it but no one
like in the moment very few people
actually do it and the reason is because
of this like mental process that we're
talking about right now they think well
somebody else is more qualified to do it
I need to wait for EMS
um I need to like whatever it's going to
be uh I I need to wait for a qualified
business leader who is going to actually
handle this problem
they don't realize that the in the vast
majority of circumstances the people
that have been elected for leadership
positions are often the people that are
just willing to take on the
responsibility so this like your team
will understand when you step forward
even if you have no idea what you're
talking about and you just start off
that way like look I don't know what's
going on I don't know if I'm gonna be
the best of this but I'm going to give
it a legitimate shot and I'm gonna put
all all my eggs in it I'm all in I'm
gonna burn the boats let's go okay
people understand that and I expect you
to make mistakes the world's best
investors have a win rate of like 60 to
70 on their stocks I mean they're wrong
40 of the time if you look at the
absolute best professional gamers in the
world and you look at their MMR and the
amount of games they win you would think
that they would win 80 of their games
they win 52 to 56 of their games like a
person that wins 56 of their valent
games or their League of Legends games
is an absolute monster that Challenger
like diamond level these are the best
people in the world which means that
almost half the time they're failing
almost half the time they're losing and
we consider these people to be the most
professional and the best people at the
world at that craft if you look at
investing same results if you look at
businesses same results right very
successful CEOs very powerful CEOs have
enormous failure rates there are people
that numerous people that have built
billion dollar businesses then gone on
to fail at their next project just too
innumerable to count
and even them uh within that business
they failed at that business itself uh
dozens and hundreds of times losing
millions of dollars of Revenue to keep
that business going so one of the things
to understand here is like the failure
um I say threshold right
where
is much larger or like wider than people
think that like
proper as long as you are taking
ownership
and executing consistently
the tolerance for failure
by Society
your team
clients right is very high it's way
higher than people think if you don't
get back to somebody or you run a
campaign that isn't so good or your
product is defunct and you just take
ownership and say we messed up but here
is how we're gonna fix it the tolerance
for that failure is really really high
it's higher than anyone thinks and the
reason why
people don't think it's so high is
because we see
failure and success as such these like
extreme ends and it's like either you're
looking at like a tick tock of a person
that's like on private jets or just like
a nobody with like zero subscribers but
there's like so many people in the
middle that are on their way and you
never see that Iceberg like the bottom
of it until that person like actually
gets there and hits that that like that
Mass
so generally speaking like clients and
like like the person that's going to be
the least tolerant of your failure is
you right and once you understand that
like I'm not going to disappoint my team
if I jump up and I start trying to
figure this out and I really give it my
all
yeah like um I think that there's a fear
of like really going all out as a leader
and if you go on here and like you've
got to set your salaries and you pay so
and you pay too much for your third
party assets and you know the the
expenses are 20 over
but you've taken ownership and you've
executed on those things you've done
something that you know other people are
not going to do they'll be a respect for
that as you take ownership and you go
through so understanding that means that
you can really start to hone in on the
fact that like and just speaking from
experience with just so many
conversations with multi-millionaire
people that
do not know what's going on intention
like like they are they know that
they're on the threshold they're On The
Fringe and they're just trying to figure
it out step by step by step and failure
becomes a expectation when you start to
look at running a business running a
team or taking on responsibility as a
game in the same sense that I am
expecting if I am getting better at a
game to lose over 50 of my games and
every time I queue up whether it be in
League of Legends or valorant or
Starcraft or whatever any game right
that requires that I
put my expertise into the market and and
try to get better
I I'm looking to take things away from
those experiences and I guess I'll use
like a business analogy for people that
aren't so much into gaming
every single time that I sign a new
client and that I take out a new
responsibility I'm expecting some high
percentage of those campaigns to not go
to the level that I would like them to
go to and I'm expecting to learn
something from those campaigns but I'm
not necessarily expecting my failure
rate to go down I'm trying for that
right but I think this is like a big
misconception of people that um
that holds them back is that you're
looking to eventually run a business
with a 100 success rate and like you
will never have that right rather you
have to change your mindset to look at
failure as an opportunity to learn and
just get better and better at your craft
regardless of like whatever the eventual
outcome is like if you still end up
failing 30 or 40 percent of your stock
picks and and that never changes you can
still be Warren Buffett because that's
his ratio of fail right if you end up
you know if like you if you end up
disappointing some large percentage of
clients but your product gets better and
better for the ones that you are serving
like that's okay like you're still gonna
be okay and you just think about the
number of customers that a business like
Walmart or Disney or whatever has pissed
off think about the number of bad Marvel
movies there's been think about the
number of bad DC movies there has been
and will be in the future
um and how many people are still die
hard and buy every Superman comic like
me right like like it's it's it's
there's a there's such a higher
tolerance for failure
um once you realize that no one actually
knows what's going on it can really help
you and then the last thing I'll say is
um uh just the objective thing which is
um
for so many reasons that go beyond the
scope of this video I have learned that
process Focus one day at a time is the
only way to live life
and I mean that
in the sense that
if you do an after Action Report
of what has occurred and you've made a
mistake and you can kind of like
immediately review that and correct that
that's pretty much the only time the
past is useful
after that point
reminiscing or regretting
or
feeling bad about it or even feeling
good about past is not productive and
just oftentimes actively harmful
so that's out and the future is really
stressful and uncertain
and and this is I used to be like um and
I have a lot of videos about this like
setting goals and like um creating like
looking to be like really outcome
focused on like two to five year
timelines but the most successful I'm
probably at this point no for sure yeah
at the place at this point in my life
I'm the most successful I've ever been
and
I'm also ramping that success at a
higher rate than I ever have before
and I think that's exclusively due to
the fact that my big philosophy on life
I have almost no two to five year goals
if I do they're like really nebulous
like sell the company at some point
um build 50 million uh additional rev
and revenue like things like that really
General like don't care if they happen
type of things but I'm trying as hard as
I can to make this day the most best day
it can be and I'm actually applying that
to multiple areas of my life so my
relationships my personal enjoyment of
things so like I like really love
playing games and so sometimes I would
feel very guilty about playing video
games because it's a waste of time to
most people
so I would like kind of go halfway to do
a little bit of work play a little bit
of games go back and forth and now I
play a game with total abandon and I
just listen to music rock out play some
darker darker great okay
um
yeah play whatever and I completely
enjoy that time if I'm gonna if I'm
serving somebody
as a client I really focus on making
that experience right there the best it
can be if I'm making a video right now I
want this video to be the most valuable
possible there's a Zen saying that says
when you sit sit when you eat eat
and
Zen student says well of course that's
really obvious right don't doesn't
everybody do that
and the zen teacher says no nobody does
anything of the kind
when they sit there thinking about all
sorts of other things and there's all
sorts of things distracting when they
eat they don't really taste the food
they are
in a hundred different places in their
mind about stress from the past from the
future from what could be they're not in
that moment trying to completely be
immersed in that experience so Zen
taught me this one number three
and it's been really useful and and I
think I could pass that on to you that
imposter syndrome starts to shrink
the more you put in perspective that the
sum of your actions are the outcome
instead of like this sort of future goal
like you might be the world's shittiest
lead game designer you might be the best
one but that's like all over here like
later
what's right now is like what you can do
to make your position the best possible
and focusing on that individual action
is going to be the thing that eventually
leads you to that place and you actually
don't need to have a future focus at all
to be incredibly successful and it's
probably better that you don't
if you're trying to get really good at
something just practicing that thing in
real time and being iterative will
eventually get you to be really good at
it you won't even like you won't even
know if you start lifting weights and
you just focus really hard on your form
and every day you try to do a little bit
better like you will be have incredible
results in a year or two if you really
just focus on that same with like
business right is that at Novo here
today I'm focusing on serving our
clients as best as possible and right
now I'm focused on making the best video
about imposter serve that I can I have
no goals for this patreon right I have
no goals for this ends up YouTube I like
I don't care how many subscribers it
gets I have no vision of how much money
it makes it doesn't matter because all
that will fall into place I can trust
the universe to take care of that stuff
because my job is to make the best video
possible look at the response to that
video and then make an even better one
next time and if I'm just doing that and
I'm making point five percent
incremental progress every single time
or whatever it is and I'm focusing on
that iteration in the now moment there's
no room for imposter syndrome because
imposter syndrome is always in the
future imposter syndrome is I can't be
this thing that I'm supposed to be right
it's the idea that you're not good
enough to handle a responsibility that
you've been handled handed or a
responsibility that you want to have and
that's all later right that that
Judgment of you that evaluation of you
is going to happen later okay maybe like
it probably won't know probably nobody
even cares so that's a whole other thing
too right but if it does happen it'll
happen later
what happened at some point where people
go well that guy was a failure or that
person didn't make that work out right
it's not right now but the people that
actually fail are the people that are so
ego focused on either trying to
make something happen or rebuild from
their past or they're trying to
um solve for a future problem that
doesn't exist yet you know as Mark Twain
said right
um I've had many different problems in
my life and some of them actually
happened right in the same exact way
imposter syndrome is focusing on a
future you that is not you and and that
feature you is only guaranteed to be you
if you don't focus on the right now and
actually work on the things that you
know you need to work on
um that that's what guarantees you to be
there so it's what we call a
self-fulfilling prophecy that it goes
back around because you're so worried
about the person that you might be
judged to be at a later point in this
theoretical world that you've built in
your head that you don't bother to do it
at all or you do it at low quality
um almost like you're sabotaging
yourself to
um to to guarantee that result and then
that becomes the self-fulfilling
prophecy that leads to it but if you
actually just put all that aside and say
all right it's just today today is the
best like like the Navy Seals have a a
saying that I love which is the only
easy day was yesterday I love that
that's saying because the only easy day
was yesterday means I've done today as
best as I possibly can and that was the
easy part now I'm going to do a little
bit better today and tomorrow and today
and today and today and today tomorrow
who knows like I don't know right and
you will be at where you want to be
before you can possibly Rose it so these
are the three things that have
enormously helped my imposter syndrome
everything that's been said has been
done before but it hasn't been done in
your unique voice no one actually knows
what's going on like right especially in
soft skills and be process focused one
day at the time nowadays you know I run
a multi-million dollar company I feel
really good about it there are better
CEOs and there are better agencies out
there and I'm not afraid of saying that
either by the way like like there are
clients that I've just literally said
hey you should go to this agency because
they do our job better right like for
that for the particular thing that you
need they just do our job better and and
being able to say that without that ego
um that we have to be the best at
everything or that I have to be the best
agency of all time
um I think uh at least earns respect
with those people people in their
introspect because people see me as
authentic which I am because I really do
know my limitations but I also know that
I'm trying to build a brand focused
creative agency that is the best
possible thing one day at a time and
it's I I'm it's okay like it's okay that
I'm not the absolute best at that that I
got that that I'm up here right
um I think I'm part of a group of people
that is learning as I go and trying to
figure it out and I'm okay with it as
long as I know that I have to take the
responsibility for my failure rate which
is going to exist and maybe even might
be quite High
especially new Ventures and things like
that and I'm okay with that like once
once you kind of like own that identity
for yourself and realize that like you
are not special right like a lot of
people think that imposter syndrome is
uh the idea that you're not special
enough but real in reality like you
think you're special you think you're
special because you think you're special
enough to be bad at something and for
everybody to laugh at you and be a
failure but you're just like everybody
else right I'm just like everybody else
that we're just like we're in life we're
on a rock going 80 bazillion miles a
minute through a Timeless void and we've
got like 100 years if we're Super Lucky
to experience this whole thing so I I
think just like
put that into perspective and like go do
your thing as best as it can be done
today okay let me know what you think
thanks bye
