so i want to talk about something a
little bit more meta today and that is
experience based knowledge versus
information
based knowledge
all right so
experience based knowledge
versus
information based knowledge
so what i mean by this information based
knowledge is um the vast majority
of information
content discussion
out there right and experience based
knowledge is
something that from your own experience
you do
and you gain some kind of insight or
that really was
different kind of insights right so
experience knowledge the insight that
you gain from it is that you do it and
information knowledge the insight that
you gain from it is ideally some sort of
absorption from another person or a
discussion or some kind of insight so
the problem with these two things is
that the
reward center in your brain rewards you
equally for each one of these things but
they are not equal in terms of the value
that they give to you
in the vast majority of cases exp
experiential knowledge is much better
than informational knowledge but we tend
to focus on informational knowledge um
way too much uh and because basically
everybody's creating content myself
included so there's more and more and
more content to consume but that means
you're spending more time consuming
content and less time doing things
so one of the people that um i like to
listen to here and there and i don't
listen to him as much anymore and i'll
tell you why is a guy named gary
vaynerchuk gary vaynerchuk runs a
multi-million dollar ad agency
uh similar to me though much larger
and he talks about
a really interesting concept and that
concept is that at a certain point in
the life cycle of you as a consumer he
wants you to stop watching his videos he
says this several times right he's very
sincere about it because he doesn't
monetize via his videos so he he wants
you to stop watching it's kind of a
crazy thing right because it'll give
your content creator you want more
people to watch right so why does he
feel this way well it's because
he realizes that what he's doing is he's
giving you informational knowledge he
can't possibly give you experiential
knowledge because he's not there to do
it with you or for you you have to do it
right so he knows that the more time
that you
spend consuming his content there's an
inverse relationship between you
actually getting things done and
consuming it there's some amount of
content that you have to consume uh to
make it to to be
more effective exponentially but for the
vast majority of people listening to
this and the vast majority of people in
general um that that that teeter-totter
is probably off-kilter it's probably in
much in favor of informational knowledge
and has way way not enough experiential
knowledge and this is exacerbated in um
what gary vaynerchuk says that you he
really wants you to get to a point where
you are experiencing more than you are
consuming and i want everybody to get to
that point too because like him i'm not
monetized via content creation
exclusively but also even if i was i
just have that investment in you that
that's something i want
um
there is value in
effective informational knowledge
especially informational knowledge that
is delivered by high quality sources
and you can actually rank informational
knowledge we'll just do it by like tier
one two three right
and tier one like being the best is
objective information
you can use
oh my god i need a new keyboard sorry
use today
to
gain
some kind of advantage right it's to
gain something okay tier two is
information you could use in the future
it sounds good
not applicable
right now and tier three of course is
just like entertainment
um consumption
no uh actual value okay so as much as
possible when i create content i want to
focus on tier one it's not always fun
because it doesn't contain tier three
which everybody wants to watch but it's
it's really good value i hope right um
sometimes i do things like tier two
which is like meta analysis or market
things like that um and but but if at
all possible i always try to stay within
tier one and when i'm consuming
information myself i'm always trying to
stay within tier one now i've noticed
that the vast vast majority of people
will consume tier three information
right but a but there's also another
classification of people that i fear um
would fall into this category that you
might relate to and that's people that
consume tier two information feel very
good about it because the information is
technically useful or applicable at some
point like how to make a better
thumbnail or how to um advertise your
local business better or whatnot
but but you know not something you're
working on right now um or maybe a
productivity technique or how to eat
better right like that like these are
all things that like you might consume
with interest that you might utilize it
sometime in the future but you have no
immediate plans to utilize it even if
it's immediately utilized utilizable
right
so
um the trouble here is that people get
caught in this reward cycle in your
brain and you consume like a 20 or 30
minute video or a five minute video even
on something that is like useful on that
tier two knowledge
you know if you consume a bunch of tier
three stuff that you're not gonna get
any of that like sort of reward center
but i think that the tier two stuff is
more dangerous than the tier three stuff
the tier two stuff where it's like you
could consume something that you know is
helpful to you rewards that center in
your brain it's like oh awesome i'm
getting something done i'm productive
now the this is the hard hitting point
of this video like the thing that i'm
here to say
so many people get stuck in tier two
information forever and they never do
anything they never actually focus on
something that they actually do they
don't what you should be doing as much
as possible is taking tier one
information and turning it into
experiential knowledge and you're still
gonna fail you're still gonna like like
like you're gonna um you're still gonna
fail but but you're gonna
you're the experiential knowledge is
always going to be greater it's always
going to be more high quality no matter
what even if you're reading like like a
focused book or anything um a good
example this would be like i study a lot
of zen what is that meditation
and i read a lot of zen i read a lot of
zen books i read a lot of zen cohen's i
read autobiographies of people who have
been through zen i read a lot of old zen
like by dogen or or or um or um
suzuki um basically couldn't remember
his name
but nothing
nothing and i mean nothing ever will
come close to me sitting down
meditating staring at a wall
there's no
amount of information that i can consume
that will that will return the value of
just sitting
at a wall and meditating and that's like
a very direct example of this but it
works in gaming as well right so like i
can consume as many videos as i want on
age of empires for build orders right
but unless i'm actually in the game
practicing grinding doing it in a 1v1 i
will not get better right not really
like like a person could read they could
have watched every video or build order
on youtube but they're going to get
beaten by most like most likely
even a bronze player on their first game
who knows the mechanics likewise a
person who has been reading everything
possible about martial arts um is going
to get
pretty much dismantled by a jiu jitsu
guy that's been going for a few weeks
right and that's that's the value of
expression knowledge so so the thing
here is that like
so the trap that i want to describe is
the tier 2 trap right it's that um a
really good example this on my discord
is is my my discord channel um content
creation and and a lot of people
on my discord i have a channel called
content creation where people go to talk
about creating better content it's a
large part of the community here i would
say a large part but it's a significant
part of the community here um i think
probably 99.5
of what they're doing in there is a
complete waste of time
and
it's it's sort of theory crafting back
and forth uh about what ought be good or
what would be good most of the advice is
from people who are they themselves not
successful and rather than just going
and doing it and looking at the
objective results and feedback and then
um
figuring it out from there that's
experiential knowledge right but i i
suspect that what's happening which is
what happens in a lot of discussion
based or like reddit communities or
things like that like our new tubers or
like or our twitch or places like that
is you get these kind of um circle jerks
where people are
sort of throwing stuff back and forth
this tier two information that sounds
good like um one of the things that a
lot of people are posting lately is this
video that ludwig did
or he posted this video um i'll type
youtube skill probably the first thing
yeah it's amazing i made a secret
youtube channel to prove it's not luck
and everybody's talking about this video
and how he uh by the way i'm not like a
huge fan of this video i think i'm gonna
do a reaction to it because i actually i
don't think this is a great example of
the youtube algorithm i think like not
to say that ludwig is not a phenomenal
marketer but he basically just used
twitch to to get his video out right
and then the video got insane after
um ludwig announced it was him right and
then of course it went viral so um
there's a lot to say about that but
anyway
uh so many people in my in my community
now are talking about this video and
they talk about how amazing it is how it
proves that the youtube algorithm um is
doing xyz uh none of them are actually
doing anything
post about the video right um i saw one
guy in in the consecration chat
um
that made a video uh that was in the
same style as this video and it was
something like uh
or not not this video but the video he
did inside of it because he he describes
like how a door made um miss kiff like a
million dollars or something like this
streamer a million dollars or something
and this guy made like videos like how a
png made riot games like uh millions of
dollars now i loved that because that
was that was a person who took tier one
knowledge and then he applied it like
directly there's there's a guy in
consecration i think if you scroll up
far enough i mean at the time you watch
this video it might be years later so so
you may never find it but there was a
guy in content christian who watched
this video and then his takeaway was i'm
gonna make a video that's like that and
see how it performs that's brilliant i
love that that's exactly what you should
be doing you should be taking tier 1
knowledge you should be translating it
to experiential knowledge by making a
video off of those concepts and seeing
what actually happens by your own
experience but the vast majority of
people are not doing that they're
they're they watch a video like this
they go oh and then the 17 minutes that
they'll never get back that they didn't
do anything and they didn't add anything
into the world for business owners and
for people that are entrepreneurs there
are a million different ways to do this
at work the number one way is meetings
meetings is a phenomenal way to waste
them a huge amount of time and get
nothing done um
there's
99 of meetings that i've ever been have
gotten basically nothing done for 90 of
the time and that's like a person that
like reads i read books about it like i
i practice my meetings right i like i
try to do like high output meetings or
high output management type of meetings
and things like that most of the time
they're like they could be answered with
like a text or like a call or something
like that
so um i think the question to ask
yourself is like what knowledge are you
all right when you when you receive a
bit of tier 1 knowledge or you receive
something that is um
even tier 2 knowledge are you actually
going to apply that knowledge as soon as
possible if you receive like if you
watch like a video about your business
or if you watch a video about your um
about entrepreneurship or if you watch a
video about like dieting even right are
you going to go do something that
translates in your life to that
physically existing this is the concept
that i'm obsessed with in life is does
this physically exist does it does it
does it there's so much in the world now
that isn't anything okay like nfts they
don't really they don't really exist
they're not really anything they're just
they're just like their perceived value
is sort of a um
uh an understanding now that that could
have real value but often it doesn't
right um but like guaranteed value is
like a video that exists a business that
you rent a um a diet that you follow
right like like a piece of chicken that
you eat these are things you should
obsess over in a world that's constantly
trying to like spaghetti you imagine
like going through a black hole you're
spaghetting infinitely long into this
like nothingness because you're just
consuming consuming consuming
information and doing nothing with it so
as a result like you might feel like a
learned person or an accomplished person
but then on the books like financially
or in terms of your accomplishments or
how people weigh you you you have
nothing done and you'll you'll know so
many people like this right there oh
there's so many people like this the
majority of people are like this right
because the new trap in our in our world
is not production it's consumption and
consumption can be okay if you are
consuming high value information that
you can then translate directly or
objectively into something that you can
follow but if you do if you're just
consuming even even useful information
or especially useful information because
i think it's the most like entrapping of
all um you are are going to still stay
in the same place um because
consuming all that information will not
automatically push you forward you have
to act you have to continuously act and
acting is is the thing that's difficult
it's always been difficult for us but
now it's especially difficult because
we're being pulled in so many directions
we're getting spaghettified across that
across that entire informational
spectrum and nothing gets used so the
the takeaways here is i i i think people
if at all possible should always try to
translate that information into
experiential knowledge and and you
should in your own life um if you see
that happening where you're consuming
way too much and this is this is like
for me like a person who
like think about the videos that i make
and the person that i am i i constantly
think about this stuff still right i
still have to check myself almost every
day like a war um where it's like what
am i producing like what physically
existed in the world as a result of
today
like in this case is this video this
video will be there forever right that's
great that's that's an accomplishment um
a a statement of work a piece of content
um a something that that is that is uh
you've done to like increase your uh
return on investment in your business or
so a r d that you've done in your
product anything that exists like in
writing that is physically moving
something forward you should be obsessed
with that because that's the key to
success um there are there are tons of
people by the way just last point they
they never do this informational
knowledge when i did discussions with
devin nash was a show that was about
interviewing the top content creators on
twitch and youtube i was
the number one thing that i was the most
surprised about is how few of them had
any informational knowledge whatsoever i
knew everything about the algorithm
about youtube about whatever i i know
vastly more about marketing than voice
critical does i i will i will know i
will forget more than he ever will know
100
but he'll i'll never be a content
creator at his level because he doesn't
focus on informational knowledge he just
goes and does and from that he learned
how to do good titles he learned how to
get good to do good thumbnails he
learned how to speak well he learned how
to um write good stories he learned how
to do those things right he didn't need
to take a course he didn't need to go do
anything like that he just he just he
just did it right um i will never be
that because i'm an informational person
a percentage or a large percentage of my
brain power is
consuming information and and it's it's
such a it's such a curse that um i i
talk about this stuff as a sort of a way
to um
uh
add some value of that like like i like
i i helplessly consume information like
a dark wizard uh so i i i put this stuff
out there so that uh it could be helpful
to somebody as tier one information
because i i know i have to do it sort of
my nature
okay so um that's informational
knowledge experiential knowledge if at
all possible whenever you can uh
try to experience things
and and try as much as possible to to uh
get out there and do and and like like
at the end of your day you should have
one thing at least that you're like that
exists that that is a thing that i can i
can quantify months later i can go back
and say that thing is there right no
matter what it is okay so i hope that's
been some good food for thought and more
importantly um action all right thanks
again i'll talk to you soon bye
