hello hello today we are talking through
recessions and you best start believing
in recessions because you're in one
yes that is right i do think we are
entering the first phase of recession
right now that i think is going to last
several years it's my objective in this
video to talk about it uh first kind of
explain
what we're seeing and then secondly kind
of explain like what to do about it as
an individual and as a business so okay
let's get started this is going to be a
little bit more technical but i think
it's going to help a lot of people
hopefully
so uh bear with me
as we kind of talk through this okay so
so what's happening well you might have
seen that um like gas prices are up
and you might be hearing like inflation
is up okay you're hearing that word
inflation
so what does inflation mean so inflation
um is actually a pretty complex thing
but can kind of simply be explained as
um
the rise of costs right in goods and
services
uh plus
how much
cash loses value over time
okay
so
cost of goods and services are going up
things are getting more expensive what
you see right now
is that
gas prices are really high uh oil a
dollar per barrel is really up there's
economic reasons for that there's
inflationary reasons for that there's
political reasons for that right so this
is the very beginning of something that
is is quite a bit bigger which is um
kind of like the beginning of what i
would say is a a two-phase recession so
the um there's a thing called the
federal funds rate
and you might have heard that the
federal
reserve is rising is raising interest
rates
so
the federal funds rate is basically the
rate at which banks lend
to each other okay so um the interest
rate when we say that the fed is raising
interest rates
i'm just giving you like a big general
overview of all this just so i can kind
of explain what's going on
usually that means that all interest
rates are going to follow so
particularly like credit card debt or
loans on your mortgage or kind of
anything that has to do with something
you might pay interest in the federal
funds rate being raised which has been
raised once now and the fed is committed
to raising it again and um i think they
will continue to raise it as um as
jerome powell has said
that he will tank the economy raising
interest rates just to stop uh inflation
and a hyper inflation scenario uh and we
have and we haven't even seen the ecb or
the european central bank even begin to
raise interest rates so this is probably
the beginning of that um to address
inflation to raise inflation
interest rates
you see that the the rate at which banks
lend each other this money is going to
increase thus the they are going to then
increase and pass on that price to the
consumers so for example if you have a
credit card
and you have debt on it you have what's
called an apr percent which is um
a
percentage rate
that kind of generalizes how you're what
you're going to pay
if this rate increases for the banks
they're going to pass on this rate to
you same with like
loans and mortgages and things like that
so
what i want to describe to you right now
is um
what exactly like has been happening
over the last couple of years with kovid
we shut down basically everything
um
and what this did was generate what's
called a supply side recession
so that means let's say i shut down some
factories
okay that make tires or something
and uh
i shut them down for a year
and nobody's making tires okay
so
what happens is as soon as that factory
reopens up the government says okay it's
okay to reopen up you can go back to
work now everybody goes back and figures
out okay well i'm gonna start making
tires but there's no rubber to make
these tires there's no cars to put them
on so all so what happens is um
the the company that makes those tires
goes to the rubber company and says hey
i'll pay you three dollars per tire
instead of one dollar because i want it
faster i want it done now make that
stuff now give it to me instead of other
people so then you see prices rise
across the entire economy and that's a
supply side recession basically the
definition of one everybody starts
paying more prices rise uh based
material costs rise for like you've seen
that was like lumber already you've seen
it with um rubber you've seen it with
base commodities prices rise okay and
then um those uh costs again are passed
on to the consumers
okay so we're in we're in the just the
beginning of a supply-side recession
you're seeing it with gas prices you'll
see it starts with everything else
pretty soon um that in combination with
interest rates creates um tightens up
the economy as prices rise people have
less spending power and then we enter a
recession so um if you look at like how
the jobs market is right now
you're gonna see that um
the jobs market like looks really good
right like so if we talk about the jobs
market um there's 11 million job
openings available right now
um
another way to say that um is that if
you look at the number of people who are
unemployed so keep in mind unemployed
means i am looking for work and can't
find it it doesn't mean i'm out of the
workforce and not interested in getting
a job that's a really important
distinction there are right now in
america two jobs available for every
one job that a person needs so there are
if you go um and this is mostly
reflective in like the like services
industries like restaurants or things
like that go around your city in the
united states you'll likely see tons of
hey we're hiring
signs at pizza joints and things like
that
why are there two jobs available for
every one job that a person needs
because nobody wants those jobs nobody
is paying
enough for that to justify those jobs um
i just came back from canada and in the
toronto airport 48 people who manage the
gates who are behind the counter
handling service requests for air canada
48 people were supposed to show up for
work only one did and obviously there's
delays across the country and fights and
everything and there's numerous problems
with this because there are too many
openings for jobs so it might look like
um
there are this is a good thing right
that but what this actually represents
is a structural unemployment problem so
people are holding to the sidelines
because they've gotten coveted stimulus
checks because they haven't they feel
like they have enough money because they
feel like there are jobs available or
that the current options aren't paying
enough and a lot of people aren't
working
and as a result what's going to happen
is as these prices rise those people
will either need to go enter those
unfavorable jobs or they will need to um
uh they will need to find other ways to
to to pay for that um
and so what will happen is that those
those jobs will start to cut off and
simultaneously because the prices are
increasing for companies you're going to
start seeing hiring freezes so you've
seen this happen in the tech uh industry
first um companies like facebook are
announcing
hiring freezes uh larger companies like
google are saying we're probably not
going to hire into 22 and 20 to 2023 so
um you'll see this like openings or
these available job openings basically
fall off real quick it'll start in the
tech sector and while paying jobs and
then it will filter down into uh into
restaurants and other places so this is
basically the beginning of a two-part
recession the first part is a
supply-side recession which could last
for a long time and then the second part
is going to be a typical recession what
you would see is like it's hard to find
jobs prices are really high you can't
make any money
and uh this is kind of all because of
the quantitative easing process that the
government has done
both the united states and europe and
asia over over the course of um the last
10 years right we've printed a ton of
money uh specifically we've printed
about 30 trillion dollars in uh just
pure liquidity that's gone into the
markets so the global gdp like what the
what the entire world earns in a year is
about 85 trillion dollars we've printed
30 trillion dollars into the economy and
so we've inflated right that's inflation
that's why we see inflation the rise of
these costs because the dollar is worth
less cash is worth less uh things are
rising in price because we've put 30
trillion dollars into the economy so the
global economy so 30 trillion dollars to
get that out of the economy that we're
gonna have to have a deflationary event
we're gonna have to have that money
leave the economy and evaporate you're
seeing that happen in the stock market
right now you're seeing that happen in
um in in uh basically in the markets
where those
a lot of that extra money was uh was
invested you might think well why is
like cryptocurrency in the markets like
some like all going away um that's
supposed to be historically
against the the markets right
cryptocurrency supposed to like stand
alone it doesn't because that's where um
a lot of that money is getting
evaporated those those prices were over
inflated
because
um
the money there first is gonna evaporate
so so okay so we're seeing that two-part
recession
um as is going forward percentage rates
are going to increase on interest rates
your loans are going to increase and you
are it's going to get tighter um and as
prices continue to rise
your interest rates increase and it's
going to become harder to find jobs so
the next part of this is going to be
what um you want to do about it
right now
it is extremely early uh it's so early
that uh you know only about uh 30
of america i think thinks that we are in
a recession
but everybody agrees that like prices
are too high
and um uh things are kind of going wrong
um
so what do we do about it
what do you do about it
uh one of the reasons i create these
videos and i talk about this stuff is
because i i want to be quick i want to i
want to really
especially in terms of like marketing
advertising i want to
really
highlight things that you might be aware
of kind of before they're happening um
to kind of try to create value for you
so you have a chance to to sort of head
this off at the past and possibly
get a lot of opportunity as a result of
this if you if you start doing these
things now so the very first thing you
want to focus on is getting out of debt
okay uh this is generally true it's
especially true when the federal reserve
has committed to rising interest rates
because all of your debt gets more
expensive as interest rates increase
the more that banks are constrained and
what they can lend and how expensive it
is for them to win the more they will
pass that on to you right
the the
everything that happens at a recession
just like everything else in the economy
is a disproportionately poor person
problem
what you should do right now is get out
of debt especially credit card debt
we were just uh having this conversation
in a mastermind chat of someone who has
quite a bit of credit card debt
there are a couple of possibilities of
things you can do so one is a debt
consolidation loan
which means you go to your bank and you
say hey um i want to pay my credit card
off the apr is super high what can you
offer me and almost all of the time they
will offer you a loan that is at an
interest rate that is substantially
lower than your average apr your your
apr can be anywhere between like 10 to
25
right so versus like a loan where you
might get like four to five percent
that's a that's a damn sight better
especially if those interest rates are
going to increase um just a quick note
also for people that are thinking about
rising interest rates keep in mind if
you're on a fixed rate type of thing so
like a fixed rate mortgage for example
your interest rates will not increase
that's a fixed rate thing but if you're
on a variable interest rate like credit
card debt is almost always variable very
rarely is a fixed rate then that's a
situation where you might want to look
into a debt consolidation loan you might
also look into transferring that balance
right
to a zero percent apr for one to two
years credit card okay where you don't
pay it and then you use that um you
don't have to pay interest rates and
then you you make it um your life's
mission to pay down that debt now you
want to be really careful with both of
these things because what it does is it
opens up that credit card so let's say
you had ten thousand twenty thousand
dollars of credit card debt you're up
against the limit of your credit card
you're just paying it down every month
you can't spend anymore you do a debt
consolidation loan you do a transfer
that balance to a zero percent apr now
all of a sudden you've got 20k that you
could spend you have to be really
disciplined and make sure you don't do
that your job is to get out of debt
because your interest rates are going to
increase your expenses are going to be
great it's going to cost you more to
hold on to that debt disproportionately
more and variable rate mortgages over
the next three to four years three to
five years are going to maybe go 20 or
40 percent more expensive cost you 20 or
40 total more because of that the way
those interest rates are going to crunch
so you got to get out of debt you have
to do that first that's really really
important
and there's several options a couple of
tools to be able to do that
second you want to control your spending
so what happens in recessions is that
consumer spending doesn't go down at
first and this creates a credit problem
so people are used to living at a
certain level of their lifestyle right
that if you spend four thousand to five
thousand dollars a month typically even
when uh economic indicators say that you
shouldn't do this the consumer behavior
is to continue spending at that rate and
you're gonna do but if you're not
earning enough money because all these
people are out of work if you're not
earning enough money to continue that
spending habit continue that lifestyle
typically what you will do is go into
debt to continue that lifestyle just
because that momentum that is is so easy
to keep up you're living a certain way
you're eating a certain way crunching
spending by like 20 30 or 40 represents
a massive uh reduction in your potential
quality of life it's very hard to do so
most people do not control their
spending this might seem like an obvious
step but you have to realize that you
are going to get caught in this this is
how people get into debt they're
operating in their lifestyle at a like
you're going to see a record amount of
people get into debt over the next three
to five years what's gonna happen is
people are going to continue their
spending but they're going to transfer
whereas previously they had reserves
from uh from any kind of like stimulus
checks they had uh they had money on the
side they were earning a lot they got
out of the workforce because they felt
like there were a lot of jobs available
they didn't have to work or covet made
their reduced their full-time job to a
part-time job whatever right um their
expenses continue along those lines they
transfer from not working to debt and
that will eventually lead them back to
working but debt happens first so
control your spending um i use a service
called uh
mint.com
look at your subscriptions right look at
what what's coming out in like monthly
recurring revenue look at your expenses
you can cut and try to reduce your
spending by like 10 to 30 percent um and
for anything that doesn't provide you
value and uh do this early uh and then
if if possible apply this to the the
first thing which is getting the hell
out of debt um right so that that's uh
that's what you want to do
okay um and then third
um you want to
set up secondary or tertiary income
and there are a couple of ways that i
like to do this right now so
i really love the potential of like etsy
garage sales ebay type stuff there's a
lot of like weekend warrior type stuff
you can do around this um you can do
ride share uber delivery this is a
really good source of secondary income
that should remain available as like the
recession keeps going
and you can also do things like
taskrabbit or fiverr
or
content creation
where you can maybe set up something on
the side it's really important right now
because most of the people that i'm
gonna be talking to statistically in
first world countries are working
part-time or they're not working as hard
as they did before you're going to have
to like start to think about how you're
going to step it up and increase your
hours to earn more income to pay
yourself down on debt and also to create
opportunity right if you're a business
right now
the absolute best thing you can do is
focus on cash flow and liquidity right
the amount of cash you have available
for opportunities because what happens
in recessions is people that have a lot
of cash and have a lot of options to
make plays are going to get very rich
because you essentially can get things
at a discount right nobody can afford
anything so a lot of stocks that might
be undervalued a lot of
opportunities to invest in things or to
bail otherwise good businesses out of
bad situations because of the
aforementioned spending problem um
become available if you have a lot of
cash on hand you can make plays like
that you could also have a greater
runway a runway is uh what we would
refer to as the amount of time your
business survives if it isn't making any
income um the the uh cash flow and
liquidity thing is is a kind of a great
idea for um anybody that this is
thinking about a a recession strategy
um
you're gonna see
as a person as an individual
right um you're you're gonna want to
start thinking carefully
about
how you spend your money but also
if you can add something secondary to
earn money uh you want to look out like
six months and and realize that things
are going to be
10 to 20 percent more expensive
at least and it's going to be harder
to to um
it's going to be harder to find jobs at
some point if you are intending to get
back in so
create something for yourself that is a
diversified income stream
and and uh
don't be entirely reliant on an employer
right now even if it's a very small
amount of money
you'll be thankful for that and
potentially you can scale it
at the point where layoffs and like job
drop job drop-offs are happening okay
so um this is just like a very early
video on this i'll probably do a lot
more work to kind of explain what's
happening as time goes on i i think most
people might not even like even be
thinking about recession or seeing this
right now but this is let me tell you
one of the reasons why if it's
interesting one of the reasons why we're
focused on this right now typically when
recessions hit the first people to see
it are marketers
the reason for that is because um before
companies cut their budgets for layoffs
they'll usually cut their advertising
and marketing spend so we've seen a two
to six percent reduction over the last
couple of months in ad spend and uh
that's digital in traditional they've
seen a 20 reduction so um we're seeing
that that's it that's a super clear
indicator that that companies are are
pulling back on their um on their
spending
and that we're going to see this happen
so that's that's one of the reasons why
i'm i'm creating this red flag like
right now and i'm very early on this uh
i i think that's going to increase quite
a bit where we see the um
we see companies become
more
skittish in the advertising realm like
on like how to spend uh and how to
and how to deal with advertising budgets
so i'm seeing this first um and i'm kind
of plugged in to that and just want to
like
just warn you right um i
there's this one aspect of this that
like uh we were talking about in the
mastermind
one thing i'm not too sure on is how
this will affect like subscription-based
revenue like people that have patreons
or people that have um like uh like
twitch channels where people subscribe
or youtube channels
there's no historic data for that so i'm
not sure like people say well okay well
entertainment based people which a lot
of people that watch this they're
entertainers of some kind or educators
they say okay well entertainment has
historically held up like people go to
keep going to movies just realize that
it's like it's a really big this is a
really big differential that people
spend 12 dollars on a movie or 15 on a
movie versus like subscribing to or
donating to content creators right we
haven't ever been through a recession
where content creators existed the last
recession in 2008 like it wasn't
prominent like live streaming or
influencers were not prominent so this
is the first time we've seen that i
don't really know how this is going to
affect influences on an individual level
i don't think anybody does um
for ad spend it's going to reduce right
and so that's going to crunch influences
a little bit but a lot of influencers
monetize off of their communities
maybe it will um it'll just depend i i
think intuitively what i what i think
might happen is
the uh entertainers the people that like
you know you could give money to because
you like them but you don't have to they
might decline in subscription revenue
but hopefully the people that are
providing real value and educational
value increase um
that's my hope anyway it's a little bit
of a
like a personal hope
don't know
don't subscribe but maybe people like me
will need to provide more value to keep
the subscription make them work harder
who knows right okay so that's my video
on this um it's kind of a 20
beginning thing um if you have any
questions you want more information on
this and you're interested in this kind
of thing let me know and i'll create
more around it thank you guys for coming
out for this and thank you again for
supporting and you'll see more from me
very soon bye
