hello my friends we often talk about
very important things on this channel
related to business we're gonna talk
about something even more important
today and that is your personal health
specifically I'm going to give you the
number one technique that I know to get
better energy to keep yourself healthy
all the time and preventative care to
prevent yourself from going to the
hospital wrecking up tons of bills and
suffering later this is not an
exaggeration this is a real thing I'm
going to walk you through the whole
thing and what I'm talking about
specifically today is the process of
blood tests blood tests are something
that I do every six months every three
months if I'm looking for something and
I don't want you to be intimidated it's
actually super easy to understand we're
going to go through the whole process by
looking at my blood test today because I
just got it back so I'm going to be
going through that and telling you line
by line everything that goes on in that
test what to look for yourself and when
to consult doctors and when to get help
all right so first off and most
important what we're going to go into
I'm not a medical doctor so this is not
medical advice what it is is a guy who
has been in the personal training world
for years who's been in the fitness
world for years and has research this
stuff for dozens and hundreds of hours
to his own benefit I also listen to a
bunch of stuff about it but doctors can
make leaps in logic that I can't make
they are practicing Physicians so they
know stuff that I don't so there will be
times where you'll want to consult a
doctor particularly if anything is
abnormal on a blood test uh you'll
really want to listen to your um your
doctors on this kind of stuff but one
thing I will say is make sure to get a
um your blood test
yourself usually what will happen
especially in America is doctors will
call you and they will tell you the
results of your blood test you will want
to make sure you get a copy okay so how
what is a blood test
and how to get first of all and how much
is it
and I think you'll be very impressed by
how easy this is and how much it costs
so a blood test is basically the medical
science uh of today analyzing your body
for irregularities so there are
literally hundreds of different kinds of
blood tests and a general practicing
physician at GP will run you through a
blood test that is usually there's
there's two types of ones called a c CMP
that's a a complete metabolic panel and
a CBC which is a complete blood count
those are typical blood tests to kind of
analyze everything ranging from normal
function to actual different kinds of
cancer uh basically anything that is
wrong with you almost anything is going
to show up in a blood test in some way
so this is an amazing tool that medical
science has it's ordered by doctors all
of the time and they're processed by
Labs how you get one is two primary ways
okay number one is you can go to any
uh GP which is a general physician
person that sees a lot of different
patients
or any lab
I go I use a fitness
Center which can can process labs
and you can just request it and say and
you can say something like hey I want a
um I'm looking to improve my health and
I just want to understand where I'm at
and they'll generally know what to do
but also after the end of this video
you'll also know what to do and I'll
provide some resources as to what to
look for but generally all the doctors
kind of know how to do this the second
thing you can do is you can go you can
go directly to a private practice so
this can be like any kind of like
fitness place or any kind of like lab
directly so it's actually like part of
number two
uh if you have insurance typically this
is a free process even the United States
if you don't have insurance a total
private practice uh for me to get the
bud results that I got uh it cost me 75
which is just it's it's worth its weight
in gold it's amazing
um but I've also gone to a GP and got on
them for free several times so that is
what a blood test is um it generally
runs you between 75 and 200 you can get
them done every six months or every year
even
um this is something that is just
absolutely necessary for all people and
I'm gonna you're just gonna be amazed
when I get into this um about my blood
test results uh everything that it kind
of shows you and okay so let's get into
it so this is my actual panel
um where I am where I have a blood test
and we're going to go through uh
everything that that has happened and
every uh this is like literally just
like a couple days ago that this came
out okay
so first thing is glucose so glucose is
your um and I'm just going to put this
note up here so that everybody remembers
that this is not medical advice again
you you need to consult a doctor if any
of this stuff is irregular okay so um
not medical advice okay
um glucose glucose is uh you're going to
be fasting when you take glucose which
means that you're going when you take a
blood test you're going to be
um eating
you're not going to be eating between 8
and 12 hours preferably 12 hours before
and this is to get a fasting reference
to your blood sugar level okay so your
blood sugar level is how much like sugar
is going through your blood higher
levels basically um preclude diabetes
um so if you're looking at like the
upper range of this this looks like um
110 to 130 or so generally speaking
you're going to want to look at other
reference protocols like hbo1c which
we'll get to in a bit but glucose
basically tells you like um if you have
too high sugar you either need to cut
down on sugar
um anything just above this range is
considered pre-diabetic
um anything below that range is
considered healthy but in the hundreds
or so you're probably pre-diabetic you
need to cut the easiest thing to do is
to drop things that
um
uh a drop drinkable white sugar so any
kind of soda or stuff like that you can
you can drop that
um creatinine is a reference to kidney
function so that basically says okay
your kidneys are doing good they're
processing things mine's gonna be a
little bit High because I have like 200
grams of protein a day uh actually the
same with urea nitrogen which is also a
reference to kidney function you just
click on the little uh question marks
here and they'll tell you like this is
uh excreted Uranus blood filter through
the kidneys so affects the metabolism
metabolism of protein I'm not personally
worried about this being higher because
I eat 200 grams of protein a day I'm
very aware I'm well aware of what I'm
doing so I'm totally cool with that
um we're gonna go to uh the bun to
creatine ratio which again is going to
be a little bit High just because of the
amount of protein that I eat and the
amount that the kitties are processing
I'm aware that I'm being a little bit
tough on my kidneys so I'll just be kind
of like cognizant of that but I'm not
like too worried about it uh sodium this
is just going to be how much salt is uh
kind of free-ranging in your body
generally not something to worry about
even at higher levels but if you have
super high salt that could be indicative
of bad liver or kidney function so you
might want to look into that these are
basically all just like kidney function
indicators potassium is just a base
mineral it's good to just be in range of
it if you're deficient in it then you
can take a supplement chloride I don't
know so we'll look at it
um looks like that's a salt so looks
like it's related to different kidney
disorders so there you go well within
range carbon dioxide obviously what this
is but I'm not sure why it's relevant in
the blood so that might be something if
if it's out of range you might want to
question a doctor about calcium is bone
and that's pretty much it total protein
is just a measure of the protein Tools
in your body
and again as a function of liver and pro
uh liver and kidney function to the main
ways that they're like regulating things
inside the outside of your body so if
you see these things that are like
whacking at a range that's a good time
to contact the doctor and be like hey
I'm a little bit worried about this or
your doctor will probably flag it to you
when um they're talking to you when they
call you up on the phone
um this again is a blood protein my
really know a lot about this and these
guys the globulin ratios
um
and all this stuff I don't really know
about Bill Rubin I've been high in this
for a while so I looked into it Bill
Rubin is a um a product that's broken
down as a result of the liver so I look
at this and I might say okay well maybe
I have a little bit of a scary liver
function this actually been as high as a
2.4 for me which is double but then I I
looked into it and and this is kind of
an example of like how awesome blood
tests are so I looked into this and then
I found several studies on ncbi that
showed that bilirubin is actually higher
in males uh in my age group who are
fasting intermittent fasting eating one
meal a day I've been eating one meal a
day for five years so this indicator is
not
um in of itself of poor liver function
when everything else is kind of um fine
so I'm not worried about this at all but
this is something that you would do like
you'd look at you and say okay well
that's that's quite a bit above normal
uh maybe I'll go talk to a doctor or you
will talk to a doctor
um and this complete remember we talked
about the CMP which is the comprehensive
metabolic panel that is
um what you will want to look at um uh
like these these kind of like just your
metabolic function is all contained
within this General test super easy to
do this whole test like I think this
part of the test cost me like three
dollars and then a couple other things
that I don't really pay attention to
because they're within range so I've
never worried about them uh vitamin D
okay so if you have energy problems one
of the fastest ways you can fix your
energy problems is vitamin D deficiency
which over 80 percent of people in
America including me are deficient in
this is crazy that I'm still deficient
in this
um because I started 10 months ago
taking 5000 IU a day for a vitamin D and
this is my range at 28 this is my range
taking 5000 IU a day with the upper
limit being 20 000 IU a day so I think
what I'm going to actually go do as a
result of this is I'm gonna go get a
prescription for 50 000 IU that you take
once a week and that should up those
levels
my so also had vitamin D deficiency and
we prescribed her and that fixed her up
so I was previously taking 5000 IU
vitamin D3 it's annoyingly obviously not
enough this would probably be a huge um
impact on my energy levels although I
have no problems with my energy my
energy is amazing but vitamin D is not
it doesn't really deserve to be called a
vitamin because it's effectively a
hormone it has so many different
influences on the body for the positive
that you really want this to be like in
the 50 to 70 range
um the immune system like that like how
often do you get sick and how often you
recover these are there's so many
different studies about vitamin D and
how important it is uh and
supplementation may not be enough this
is one of the key reasons you get blood
tests because they are um it's very
difficult to um determine uh
uh if you're deficient in vitamin D
without it so ever almost everybody
that's listening to this should be
taking a vitamin D supplement but you
can know you can and you have to if you
are taking one
um
if you if you are deficient and via your
blood okay Apple liver protein B so this
is an exciting one that I personally
measure
um most people a cardiac arrest is going
to kill one and four of you uh it's it's
a super super dangerous thing uh like so
any kind of heart attack or any kind of
heart related problems most people they
track cholesterol to figure out if they
are going to have hard problems
um I don't like that because LDL
cholesterol basically only tells you how
much total cholesterol is in the body
and not how it's being used recently as
of like 2018 we've come up with apple
lipoprotein b as a really great
indicator of future cardiac problems if
this number is high you need to consult
a doctor and you need to go through
um if you're above reference rate in
this range you need to consult a doctor
and you need to look at this very
carefully and be super worried about it
this is one of the number one indicators
that you could be in trouble for heart
problems down the line this can get
higher if your diet is or if you're
genetically precluded to it it will also
it'll also show up here so one of the
most important things that you can track
for and this is not
this is because this is very recent
research
this isn't really well known this
doesn't show up in MO most blood tests
you have to specifically request this
and for that reason it can be a little
bit more expensive this I think this
part of the lab ran me like 20 bucks on
its own so um it's just so critical
though to measure
um it's it's really important we can see
what they say about it actually but I
don't know what happens when you hit
quick show more there's a bunch of
patient data on here so I don't want to
uh to show that off okay magnesium
remember I talked about vitamin D being
a um indicator for energy magnesium is
actually another indicator for energy a
lot of people are deficient in magnesium
I supplement magnesium threatenate um
with a product that uh is chelated
magnesium and I'm within range because
of that I was deficient I think a year
ago when I was doing blood tests so I
supplemented up and I got there it was a
noticeable increase in my cognitive
function and my energy level so
magnesium 38 is great I could put the
product if people care they can ask me a
masterminder on the patreon comments and
I'll put it down okay
um let's talk about testosterone
specifically as it relates to
um males because I I don't have any real
knowledge of how it relates to females
so if you're a female watching this
sorry I just don't know how it applies
to you total testosterone is a super
important function both free and total
is a super important function for males
um relating to all kinds of different
health related indicators
the reality is that the reference range
for testosterone has been changed over
time the reference rate is 250 to 1100
and I'm in at 520 I would actually count
this still as low testosterone um and
and I would also say that
um this is low testosterone being that
35 255 I would look at this being about
like maybe 100 and total testosterone
ranging around like 700 to 900 or or
maybe like um yeah that's probably about
right and I'd be fine with that so there
are things that can raise your
testosterone there are clinical
interventions things like that you need
to be really careful about you consult a
lot of Physicians do your research I'm
not currently doing them but things like
hormone replacement therapy also called
HRT you do HDH which is a human growth
hormone testosterone replacement which
is trt and obviously steroids that can
artificially increase testosterone I
don't feel too comfortable talking more
about the subject because some of these
are are classified as illegal in the
United States so a suffice say that if
your testosterone is low you should talk
to a doctor you should do your own
research and you should seek to raise it
there are things that you can do to
raise it naturally some things are
recently there's been a lot of research
around a supplement called tonkat Ali
t-o-n-g-k-a-t-a-l-i two words Tomcat Ali
has been shown to increase free
testosterone in males by 20 to 30
percent Andrew huberman is a doctor who
has had a lot of research on this it's
kind of interesting so
um but the number one natural way to
list testosterone that I know about is
strength training and everybody male or
female should have a regular strength
training routine I cannot stress enough
how much it helps you that would be a
whole other video just on that for a
regular strength training routine so
testosterone and free testosterone are
super important health indicators higher
is better generally obviously super high
is not good but generally if you're you
know I'd be super happy at 1100
especially my age would be amazing your
testosterone is going to decrease over
time
and uh it's uh it's just it's just a
great thing to have it's there's I mean
it affects every single Health indicator
that you could have as a male okay
um it's also going to produce uh by the
way it's also going to produce
a bunch of different
um personality related effects like
you'll be more confident
um you'll you'll you might be a little
bit more aggressive which is not too bad
you might take more risks things like
that so testosterone's a phenomenal
hormone you really want to pay attention
to it do your research on it cholesterol
I don't worry too much about this again
cholesterol is not the whole story so
um
cholesterol is a indicator of just
overall cholesterol in your body as long
as it's within range you're good if it's
super high consulted doctor hscrp what
was this one again
um the C-reactive protein for infection
tissue low values previously regarded as
normal have been shown to be for
atherosclerosis right so atherosclerosis
is heart problems
um and um blood clots so
um right hscrp is another indicator for
um heart disease along with apple
protein B if you have uh APO I'm just
going to call this apob instead of
saying the whole thing apob at hsrc CRP
if these are within range you're good if
these are both out of range you need to
consult doctors and preferably a
cardiologist and get further blood tests
done and do not think that just because
you're young that that applies to you
many people have hard problems
um when they're younger especially
people with covid so make sure
um that you uh get that checked out
again
um not medical advice consult a doctor
um for all this stuff I'm just going to
keep repeating that throughout the video
make sure it sinks in seriously although
I have hundreds of hours of research in
this there are doctors that practice
this stuff every day just will always
know vastly more because that is their
specialty so you have to go consult them
hemoglobin H1 A1C my boy this is a
diabetes indicator so uh if you are
getting
um the diabetes 2 which you know 40 to
50 percent of you will probably contend
with in some way
you don't want diabetes it sucks it's
horrible
um hba1c and glucose will be your main
indicators for if you're within range of
that if your glucose is high and your
HPA and your hemoglobin A1c is high you
are probably pre-diabetic uh if it's
super high you're probably already
diabetic so go to your physician and
start looking at interventions
don't wait
um and if you see these numbers are high
you need to immediately discontinue the
sugar and Insulin spikes you're getting
um you need to stop drinking soda stop
eating candy
um really switch to a high protein High
um yeah it's a high protein diet with
low sugar
and medium amounts of healthy
carbohydrates CBC that's our complete
blood counts that's going to be a lot of
information about just general health
indicators so we're going to look at
your uh so all this stuff here um we
don't need to go through everything but
everything here are reference points for
doctors to look at to determine if you
are there's some kind of underlying
condition this is where cancer will show
up this is where um anemia will show up
this is where several blood related
illnesses will show up and there's not
too much to worry about here as long as
everything is in range your white blood
cell counts
um if it's if it's a little bit higher
so it's like in like the 12 to 20 range
you probably have an infection of some
kind yeah the same with like if your
your RBC is up if you have like if it's
like in the way way out of range like 10
000 or like 20 000 you have cancer
probably and you need to go to a
doctor right but regardless if it's out
of range call your doctor make sure you
check into that if any of these numbers
are really out of spec you need to go to
doctor right away you have some kind of
underlying condition that you might not
know about right like so a lot of the
stuff shows up in the blood without any
symptoms so if you the thing with a lot
of illness is Medical Science and
medical intervention depends on getting
it early so you may take a blood test
um I I can't tell you I've had clients
who I've said okay let's do a full blood
test right before you know we evaluate
their Fitness and everything okay and
then it shows up they've got some
underlying conditions some blood disease
or some kind of thing that they didn't
even know about they had no symptoms for
but thank God they did it like and it
showed up and they the doctor was like
oh shoot because if they had let that
run for months or years they could have
been dead so that really happens more
often than you think
um like imagine like somebody takes a
magnifying glass just looks in your body
like on the outside you might look fine
you might feel fine but actually like
the the human body looks for homeostasis
right so you may not actually know that
you're not fine until the blood test
shows you so these are all really
important indicators of immune function
indicators of um uh of General Health
and we don't need to go through all of
them you can read about them if you want
but generally speaking as long as it's
within range your doctor doesn't notice
anything weird then you're going to be
okay A-Okay vitamin B12 is something
that I test for I'm at the little bit of
the low range so I'll probably start
supplementing this again the reference
range is 200 to 1100 so even though it
says that the reference range is I'm
within reference range I'm a little bit
that's a little bit low for me it's kind
of surprising because I eat so much meat
vitamin B12 uh magnesium and vitamin D3
are sort of your TR your Triad for
energy so if you are experiencing a lot
of fatigue and you're experiencing those
like crashes and that could be because
you're eating a lot of sugar but it
could also be because you're not have
you don't have enough vitamin B12 you
don't have enough vitamin D you don't
have enough magnesium those are three of
the main things that people are
deficient in typically if you are a
vegetarian or a vegan you are super
deficient in vitamin B12 because most of
it comes from meat so you will need to
supplement that no matter what but get a
blood test to be sure if you're way out
of range on this you'll want to get a
chewable vitamin B12 doesn't actually
absorb very well through
um
enterocoated capsules the pills you'll
want to chew something or put something
under your tongue for vitamin B12 and
there's tons of stuff on Amazon that you
can get for it
okay cortisol the stress hormone High
cortisol is not necessarily scary in of
itself
um you typically want to look at
cortisol based on different times so
you'll see in from 4 pm onward your
cortisol tends to raise
um and uh sorry your cortisol tends to
be higher in the mornings and so
um you want to look at the reference
range as relevant to time generally
speaking even if this is a little bit
out of range you might just be really
stressed and uh it's not like
necessarily cause for concern way out of
range consult a doctor insulin is
another indicator for diabetes and
particularly just like how your blood
sugar responds this when you're fasting
it's gonna be low anyway but if it's out
of reference range then you you might be
pre-diabetic I'd be worried okay and um
that's blood tests that's it for all of
my blood tests results so
um I just got these back I am super
super happy with these results I'm a
little bit annoyed at Vitamin D that's
the only one that I need to go fix so
I'll go look at that get a prescription
for that pick up like a 50 000 IU
subscription take it once a week and
that'll be right as rain do another
blood test in three months just kind of
check out what that is I can't stress
how important this is and how easy it is
to do
um you can do it with some regularity
even if you do it once a year this is
like up there with like one of the most
important things that you can do a lot
of people don't realize how preventative
medicine really is they think okay well
I'll have I have a problem I'll go see a
doctor and then I'll get it fixed but if
you've had an underlying problem like
that for months or years
um you may be beyond help this is really
a good example this is kind of diabetes
diabetes 2 is like basically a totally
preventable illness and it's like crazy
how many people have it
um you can essentially look at yourself
and say oh I'm pre-diabetic correct your
diet and your exercise habits and then
just save yourself literally a world of
pain for the rest of your life if you
just do a blood test and and there are
so many things like Way Beyond the scope
of this video which is why it's so
important
um to do but there are so many things
that you can look into
um that are like that oh and this video
is not over so we got to go over some
other things that just because I'm not
testing for those
um doesn't mean that you don't want to
test for them so I'm going to put a
bunch of stuff down
here that's my personal notes
on other stuff you might want to look
for
pasty okay so uh fast and slowly covered
that blasting bug Cucos uh A1C we
covered that c reactive protein which is
A1C uh it's good ferritin levels
um also good to test for creatinine we
got that testosterone we got that
triglycerides are good um sometimes a
function of
um healthy uh bodily function you want
to do trigger squares I actually should
have should have done trigs too all the
cholesterols are good
um again I use apob as a indicator of
osteosclerosis but you might look at LDL
too
particularly so high sodium potassium
iron oh iron's another one where
um could affect energy levels might be
deficient especially women tend to be
more deficient in iron
of we talked about vitamin D3 talked
about uh folate and uric acid
um thyroid panel I didn't get one of
these because usually they're fine but a
th this is actually usually a really
cheap and good thing to do also very
good if you're having a lot of sleep or
energy problems sometimes or you're
having a lot of diet problems thyroid
can sometimes be it so you want you want
to look at this I usually look at this
once a year I looked at it about I think
three months ago so I didn't really
worry about it um thyroid is not
something that goes out of whack too
easy so I I do those but most doctors
will order a thyroid panel for you
um particularly if you present with like
low energy or things like that we talked
about WBC
um standard leopard's panel which is
basically your CBC
we talked about a p o b this is apoe
which is a um
genetic thing apoe4 it's a pre-indicator
for Alzheimer's see if I've got anything
else here that I want you to pay
attention to
nope I think that's it
um
and you might want to look at igf-1 if
you want to test for that igf-1 is a can
sometimes be a cancer indicator so you
want that to be very low
um
and I think that is it so yeah
um that's uh so this video I I can't
stress how much has helped me my most of
my energy levels are um I mean like
today I live an incredibly healthy life
mostly because of preventative care not
because of like like a lot of the active
stuff I do is important um and I can go
over that in another video If people
really care about it and this gets a lot
of traction but I realize that a lot of
people might think like this is kind of
a weird video to put up but literally
it's super duper important um it's
something that I believe in very
strongly and I really hope that you
listen to the go get a blood test at
least once a year and consult a doctor
make sure you get a copy of those
results and um if you do nothing else
even if you don't exercise even if you
do nothing else and you know you're
being lazy you can take that one day to
go get a blood test and check out where
you're at and hopefully use this as a
guide and the notes in the um
description of the video to help you out
and if it does help you out let me know
um sometimes it's gonna save your life
for real um you never know what you've
got so everybody here is on a limited
time but we can optimize that time and
be healthier for it and feel great
during the process so why not do that
get a blood test consult your doctor and
thanks for listening hopefully this
helps bye
