hi today we're going to talk about
products versus memberships basically do
you sell something for a reoccurring
amount of money or do you sell a flat
product or service and as a business
owner you have to make a decision on
which one you are going to do we're
going to talk about the pros and cons of
both and we're going to go over sort of
like what a subscription model looks
like uh as far as your time invested and
what a product looks like as far as your
time invested and some of the pros and
cons of both okay so the most important
thing to understand here is first of all
there is no real right answer I'll just
like assign my bias because I just run
so much of both that I have seen that
product is basically almost universally
the better option except for like a few
variables but both will work for you
it's not as if like one model was so
like model number one will say is you
build a product
uh and sell the product or service right
and model number two is you build an
ongoing product and service
and charge monthly for that product
service
these are basically the two options I
have found that model number one just
works better every time almost and there
are a couple of exceptions to it not
working now you might say well Devin
you're on model number two and I will
say yes I am on model number two but I'm
on that model as you'll find out
ethically but not because it's more
effective which is often things that I
do right um so I want to get into like
some of the value propositions of both
but with the caveat that both of these
ideas are going to work for you just it
just depends on kind of like where you
end up maybe after you're watching a
video like this and doing some more
research people will sort of have their
own decisions the most important thing
to understand is biopsychology this is
something that is really hard to explain
um and and it will make sense once you
you kind of get it so if you look at
when somebody is buying a product okay
if they buy a product
their thinking is I want to buy a
product because I need to solve a
problem so for example if I want to
write in a book that I'm going to buy
two products and here's my book and
here's my pen and both of these things
were bought with the objective of
solving this problem of wanting to write
in this book now it may not be that
direct of a conversation in a customer's
mind it often is though it often is like
you go to the store or you go to Amazon
to buy something specific but the
important thing to remember when you are
deciding if you want to structure a
product or ongoing service is this idea
in a customer's head so I've bought this
book I've bought this um pen
and now I can solve this problem and
that was a one-time decision and and
that decision is done I I don't need any
more books and I don't need any more
pens unless I have additional problems
to solve so buying a product is a
one-time impression in a customer's mind
now when you sign up for a service
or ongoing service
every single time that that service
enters your mind there is a value
proposition that is presented so for I'm
going to use Netflix as an example and
if you if you know anything about
Netflix you know that this year they're
struggling a lot with subscriber revenue
and if you understand what I'm about to
explain you'll understand I I think the
core of this psychology problem with
these two services
when I sign up for Netflix or or let's
say I'll use another example so I'm
going to use two examples so Netflix is
going to be my number one ongoing
subscription and my number two is going
to be my yoga studio okay so my yoga
studio I paid like 120 bucks for uh
myself and my so and Netflix you know
that's like what 15 bucks now and I pay
every month every time that I see a bill
come in from them or actually even if I
am impressed upon by that place I make a
separate value judgment of whether that
service or ongoing service is worth it
for me to continue
so for Netflix for example the big
problem they're running into right now
is that about two or three years ago
they put in about two billion dollars on
building up content and now they are run
into an issue where they they literally
just don't have enough content and
they're losing subscribers like crazy
what is happening there is that all of
the people that bought Netflix are
making the continual decision to renew
Netflix or not based on the value the
product is providing as an ongoing basis
okay now
um I make that decision to not renew
Netflix at least every month right and
maybe multiple times a month
as a sort of subconscious decision that
like if I have a bad experience or I'm
logging onto that product again or I'm
just not using it uh I I don't go
similarly with my yoga studio if I am
over that or I just like I'm over yoga
or I I like uh can't get out there any
number of reasons right I just I just
I'm done it's over I I I do no longer
pay that studio and that studio now
makes zero dollars now for that reason
subscription Based Services has a have
what's called an LTV right which is a
lifetime value per customer
value for a per customer
something like this so the lifetime
value of a customer is just going to be
how long they're subscribed for but with
a but with a singular product you're
going to find out that the LTV per
customer is going to be the initial
price of the product plus any upsells
plus anything you can get back from them
on those decisions okay but let's stay
on the psychology for now so
um the problem here is that you might
have already seen the problem now if
you're if you're following along if you
aren't providing ongoing value providing
ongoing value
people aren't interested
and will unsub
but here people are interested in
solving a problem
which is I am trying to have a book and
I'm trying to have a pen once I've made
this decision how many of you and how
many of people do you know in your life
that have ever gone back two years later
and said I am going to return a book I
just don't need it anymore I'm gonna go
back to uh Target where I bought it and
I'm gonna return it of course nobody
ever does that right but the same
psychology applies to courses happens
all the time app is description Services
because the subscription service is
something you're paying ongoing value
for so a high value product up front is
going to be a singular decision in the
mind of your customer but an ongoing
product up front is going to be is going
to be a continual decision for your
customer and for that reason it is
always easier to sell product than it is
ongoing services and so so
psychologically it is very is much more
difficult to sell an ongoing service
um difficulty in sales
it's much more difficult to sell an
ongoing service than it is to sell a
one-time product why because I have to
convince you up front if you want to buy
a product that that product is right for
you and it solves your problem and there
are a lot of things I can use to
incentivize that so for example hey buy
my course it is 15 videos on how to
become a master of writing stuff in
business you will be able to write
template emails you'll be crazy good at
everything you'll be you'll be you'll
know how to write you'll know how to
communicate with employees you'll know
how to manage it's gonna be great that
is a one-time fee of 197 and I'll give
you 100 money back guarantee
um if you uh buy it right that is a much
easier sell than I'm going to provide
you an ongoing service that is going to
be worth let's say 25 to 30 dollars a
month by the way the higher this number
gets the the the the worse it is to sell
that is not true in terms of uh product
sales people will buy a high value
product if they believe it solves a high
value problem but convincing someone to
buy a membership is much more difficult
as we have seen again with like the
Netflix example of just them raising
their prices by two dollars a month
causes you to lose 20 of your customers
versus if you are selling one very high
value product people that buy that
product even at the highest rates of
return are two percent returns with a
hundred percent money back guarantee
um but people that buy that product and
generally feel like they've gotten some
value on it we'll just keep it and
they'll be like okay great and the worst
thing that will happen is they just
won't buy another product from you or
service if they had a horrible
experience but with a course there is an
ongoing with a subscription excuse me
there's an ongoing feeling of having to
provide that value and the moment you
don't provide that value that person
will assign will stop being there and
will probably never come back and the
the the higher that number becomes so
like let's say okay well I'm gonna sell
one product for 500 well couldn't I just
sell a membership for a hundred dollars
a month and then after 5 five months I'm
making more money and the problem
becomes first you're convincing that
person psychologically to spend that a
hundred dollars a month is much more
difficult than convincing them to spend
that that raw
um amount this is why like everything
that is really expensive isn't usually
sold on subscription models you could
pay for it that way but it's sold up
front like a car a house or whatever you
can pay for it like on a mortgage but it
the the whole product is sold if if if
if
memberships were really that great
Toyota would sell a a car membership
where you have a where you have like a
um you know you buy a Corolla and the
ongoing value of it right
um but everybody knows that to be scams
like the rental uh cars and stuff like
that they're only using like specific
instances this is because it's much
easier to convince a person like hey
spend thirty thousand dollars up front
um and get this product or versus oh
spend you know X number of dollars per
month and like you can break it down in
terms of that payment cycle but the
psychology is always gonna be better
just them justifying the price of it up
front and dealing with the psychology of
that
okay so it's difficult to sell like you
might say if you didn't understand that
by the way you might say well Devin wait
like um when I buy my car I'm on a car
payment uh yeah but you've already
committed to the entire purchase right
it's different so you don't have to make
you can't just stop paying your car
payment once you've committed I guess
you can but the bank reposit is a whole
big deal once you've committed to you've
committed to the full amount of the
product and the sale and now you're
paying monthly that's really different
than like you making the decision to
like pay for your car and then you just
like you just one day say okay I'm not
going to get it monthly right so it's a
different thing because it is example
number one
you pay for your Corolla you're paying
monthly but in example number two you're
paying an ongoing price and you could
like choose to return that car it's a
different psychology the psychology is
much more difficult to get people to to
buy on a consistent manner okay so
um we also have to look though at time
investment
because once you build a a product or
service I'm I mean sure you have to
update it to varying degrees depending
on industry mostly the product and
services kind of just there and with a
course again it's the idea of providing
ongoing value so the time investment of
providing membership and providing
subscriptions is going to be a lot
higher than it is just buying a product
and the other big thing that I have
um with products is upsell
so upsells mean if you have
a product that solves a problem and a
list of services
for that product
you can easily upsell what so let's say
I have a hundred dollar uh like info
course right and then I have a 20 ebook
I can sell on top of that and like a
thirty dollar
um
let's say uh what other stuff can I
consider that there's all kinds of
upsells I should know this stuff off the
top of my head I've done it so many
times
um it could just be anything related to
like let's say it's a health info course
it's like a 30 supplement that goes with
it right and you can just see how you
can start stacking up value of these
things so you don't have to sell a
static product
um you can upsell literally as like a
part of your sales funnel when people
land on the website they can they can
hit that for that course they can just
check the boxes for the upsells that
they also want that go with that course
especially if your product is selling
something like let's use the health
example where there might be supplements
there might be like green juices there
might be like powders they can buy you
could also do affiliate stuff through
that
um this is not the case within um
memberships whereas if if a person is in
a membership and then they get pushed a
product they're like why am I paying
this membership and just to get offered
products now in some cases if you have
very high value that does work right so
for example Disney does that where they
have exclusive memberships and then they
you can get into like different kinds of
merch that you can buy if you're just a
member of that Disney tier but that's
Disney you're not Disney right so like
that's that's very few people that can
actually do that for the vast majority
of membership type programs when you are
offering a product in addition to the
membership they're like why is this just
not part of the membership again it goes
back into that psychology it's the most
important part of this that they are
constantly looking for to provide that
value that is why membership programs
like Amazon Prime like Netflix right
they can't really offer you a product
they can they can offer you discounts on
the products they have but they can't
like really offer you something as a
part of that because like nobody
everybody would be really pissed off if
Netflix is like hey now you have to pay
twenty dollars for this set of content
but you're already paying the 15. you
see what I mean so that that is that is
not good upsells don't work as well on
memberships as they do on product but
you can easily increase the LTV of your
product as um just by adding more stuff
to it so eventually you could have a
product that has like four or five
different upsells and a person would you
increase the LTV of a person like let's
say you're selling a course for 300 you
get like three different um upsells that
cost like I don't know forty dollars
each we've just increased the LTV of
your customer by 120 per customer and
then you can also go back to your email
list you can put them into the cycle of
getting those the signups and everything
like that so that it's it's a way better
model
um the psychology here is that a
membership program will put you into a
cycle of constantly having to create
value but but at higher levels it will
generate more Revenue right especially
because like just more members mrr is
like like a good model and that's why
it's so attractive but but the problem
here is like the the uh let's talk about
um ads for a second right so so paid ads
are are typically how you Market courses
any market like singular products and
services you can run when we talk about
paid ads we're talking about like
AdWords we're talking about Bing you can
run paid ads against
um
against either of them but a paid ad
Works more effectively for a singular
product buy because the advertisement is
saying buy this solve your problem the
end versus a paid ad running you into a
membership is like oh man dude like now
I have all kinds of questions do I trust
this person do I know do I trust their
payment services right or that they can
read They're going to be charging my
credit card can I cancel easily if I
want to get out of it there's a lot more
questions the customer has to solve in
their mind versus that one-time purchase
which people are Akin and accustomed to
doing so you when you want to pay that
you can run them against both but if you
run a paid ad they're usually more
effective towards um singular products
than they are ongoing Services
um but
all of the ways that you can funnel into
a membership program are also effective
and more effective for product so if
you're saying okay well I'm going to
create YouTube content that then drives
people towards a singular product again
that because of the psychology that
decision making to buy that product a
singular time that sales funnel is
easier so everything you you could sell
for a membership program you could sell
better as uh on product right because
like
um okay my model from building a
membership program is going to be top of
funnel remember
um this is something this is classic
devinash right uh we're gonna do the ice
cream cone
super classic Devon Nash so you're gonna
say the top of my funnel is going to be
YouTube
for the red Twitter for blue and then
I'm going to lead them down into the
membership course which is going to be
30 a month here okay and now they make
30 a month and you better hope that your
LTV and your value is high enough that
like they subscribe for however long you
need the money for or I could do exactly
the same thing uh YouTube content
Twitter content and then at the bottom
here is a three to five hundred dollar
product that they have to buy one time
and again the psychology of buying a I
just put it up front very clearly the
psychology of buying a 500 product once
is easier than getting somebody on like
a forty to a hundred dollar a month
subscription plan it might even be
easier than a 15 to 30 dollar
subscription plan but I don't have data
on that one of the hardest things to
convert
even though it provides a ton of value
is Amazon Prime and that's where a lot
of this data is from by the way is like
I'm working so closely with Amazon it is
very difficult to convert reoccurring
subscriptions you can you could drive
all you can you should drive all the
same funnels to
um your your products and services as
you could uh uh a reoccurring membership
so so people say oh well
um I I like paid ads I'm just gonna run
paid ads against my courses all of your
other stuff will work to run it against
your your product as well right like you
don't have to just do paid ads but paid
ads work better also and are great and
yes like if you look at some of the
people in like the Mastermind
um community
that that we run the patreon people are
just making full-time income by yourself
ads I mean it really does like paid ads
will solve your problem PPC will solve
your problem completely for most
products and services uh most people
like if all they do is they just build a
decent product and service and run PPC
against it they have a business it's
actually that crazy it's like that
powerful
okay but it came up that
um there was a question so why is it
that all these like really top level
celebrities and people sell courses uh
as ongoing memberships they sell these
services that are ongoing membership so
we think of like Jake Paul's Financial
Freedom Movement the Trump University
the Andrew Tate war room
um the Tai Lopez club like most people
that are like high level scammers uh are
using this ongoing membership model why
okay well number one it's a better
Revenue generator as we discussed so at
the top levels it's a better Revenue
generator than just selling a singular
product but I want you to understand the
psychology behind people like this and
just to do it you you need to only look
at the marketing we'll use entertain as
an example so
um
what Andrew Tate and these top tier
we'll call them like the gurus are
selling is
the idea
that you as a person right now are not
enough
and they're projecting your identity
forward in time where in this case you
will be on a yacht you will be dressed
up in business suits you'll be a fighter
you'll be strong you'll be powerful and
Rich you have tons of [ __ ] everywhere
you'll be on yachts and you'll become
worthy so you look at this like you like
become worthy right make 20K a month and
have a business right
um don't work a job this so you could
see this membership is selling a dream
projecting into the future that you will
become this person later and that you'll
do it by subscribing to services like
this
you're not this person now now you're a
loser you're you're jerking off in your
apartment playing video games
um your life sucks man no girls or boys
whoever's listening to this
it blows but you don't have to be that
way you could subscribe to my service
and we'll teach you how we did it
because we did it and we're these people
so if you understand that psychology you
understand that this can only really
function as an ongoing service right
um the the the psychology is that a
person will stay subscribed to it
because they are projecting their
identity forward into the future now if
you if you're smart about these things
you know this is totally untrue right
you the way you get to this is you like
super easy you just go exercise you you
meditate you do the work like you you
put it you learn watch watch real videos
that like provide value and just teach
you a skill practice that skill like
it's not hard to do this but what
they're doing is they're selling a
they're selling your future identity
back to you where you project yourself
in six months to a year and you say now
I'm jacked now I have tons of friends
tons of girls tons of money but
the ongoing membership part is
I just I'm not there yet it's been three
months in Andrew Shades program and I
yeah I'm not there yet but I'm with the
hustlers I'm in the right environment
I'm I'm like and they'll even say like
in their copy right like none of you are
worthy none of you are ready so it's
like you'll never like actually be ready
and if you actually buy one of these
stores I encourage people to if you want
to understand like membership programs
if you join like one of these like Jake
Paul things like the way the model works
is that they um they'll have like a
exclusive Discord server but like a guy
usually these are like expensive I think
these are like thousands of dollars
usually
um yeah here it is I was gonna explain
it it's always a live chat uh and I'll
explain that in a minute but I really
wanted to figure out what the price of
uh
it's like two thousand three thousand
dollars or something ah five thousand
four hundred and fifty four dollars
there you go
um so why is it so much because and how
does it work so you go into the live
chat somebody comes in and these are um
expert coaches you know they're they're
farmed out for dollars on the hour and
they have a script that they run through
you and and they they kind of explain to
you like you're not ready you um you're
not enough right and it's very similar
to the old scam that the Buddhist
Masters used to run which was like a
person would come to the temple and say
hey I have a problem I have to solve um
can you teach me and they go well you
can pay me a bunch of money to teach you
and really the the student goes okay
that's great and the and the Zen master
the master the scam people they know
that what they're doing is they're
convincing the person already has a
problem they've already sold themselves
sure I'll solve your problem for you of
course I can do that right come come
here pay the temple a bunch of money sit
and meditate
um you'll solve your problem right it's
the same exact thing it's been going on
for thousands of years the the the the
connection relies on the parasocial
belief that this person is in a place
that you are not so in the case of the
of the Masters these are these uh scammy
Buddhist Masters they would uh they
they're enlightened right they're like
these great beings they're they've
reached uh they've reached uh Satori
they've reached kensho and so they know
something you don't what what's the
exact same thing with Andrew Tate okay
he's Rich he's got whatever he's he's
absolutely not he's like barely worth
anything he's been Romanian jail he's
free he's his life is his life is
horrible right but the way he projects
himself is as this
um great enlightened being so you look
at that person as a weaker person you
say I want to be that I want I want
psychologically I want to absorb that I
want to I want to project that and then
he and then the the Great Master says oh
yeah of course well I can teach you how
to do that I do it myself right just
like the monk the monk is [ __ ] eating
beans all day and it's in a temple it
doesn't have [ __ ] for money it sits
around and meditates all day his life is
super easy has no problem right he's
just collecting money from people that
come in that that pay his um pay for his
temple in those giant Golden Buddha
statues
it's the same [ __ ] man it's been going
on for a thousand years the enlightened
Master says I've got this whole thing
for you and you subscribe to his program
and look at the like churches all over
the place right a lot of churches do
this too there are some legit ones just
like there are some legit legit Buddhist
temples but the vast majority of it is
just give a ton of money for this future
promise of a better identity now people
that are
um truly within themselves and have done
this work know that the only way to get
that identity is is you can't buy it you
you it's not for sale the only way to do
it is internally go through the real
hard work of actually making that happen
but it's important to understand that
these guys are selling a dream so Jake
Paul's like Financial Freedom Movement
if you remember that was he was running
around with a loudspeaker literally in a
money can and just shooting money out
teaching people to become YouTubers and
when you actually log into this thing
again it's like the person chatting
that's trying to again get you that live
chat is trying to like get you into the
psychology of joining this membership
program
um because you are projecting your
identity forward and now
um this one was just preying on people
trying to become YouTubers again this
future identity I have two million
followers on YouTube or Twitter or
whatever I'm making tons of money off of
it I'm not working the the thing that
can only be attained through getting
hard work
is sold up front by gurus that have done
it
and so there's an inherent parasocial
connection that happens there that can
only be sold via a membership so like if
you remember Tai Lopez is one of my
famous one of the best marketers I think
ever to live in our age
Tai Lopez here in my garage type of guy
I have all these sports cars I have this
big mansion I've done this
I'm this the quote enlightened Master is
just instead of Enlightenment and
spirituality we now seek money
to do this you need to subscribe to me
basically right
um and I could easily do this like I
could say like hey I'm Devin look I've
made millions of dollars so on multiple
businesses
um and uh I could the way I would Market
myself is I would project myself as this
like highly successful dude now I
deliberately don't do that and if you
listen to a lot of my work I'm like I'm
a [ __ ] Goblin I play tons of video
games
um you don't want to do any of that so
if you ever want to like build this sort
of profile for yourself you don't don't
put any of your qualities out there all
I need to do is I need to go
um literally there's like man it would
cost me like 20 or 30 a day I just uh go
get one of those services with those
actresses that are like the super hot
actresses that will just you could just
we actually did this at a Esports
parties funny Side Story uh for Esports
parties that we were throwing back at
the Esports days we would notice that
there was like a huge percentage of um
men obviously at these places right and
we would we were in LA right so we would
go to like actors guilds we would just
hire women to be there and just talk to
people they wouldn't do anything weird
but they just like talk to people and be
and be like sociable just like friendly
woman and like the dude the parties were
massive it probably didn't cost us
anything it was like 20 30 per person
for the whole night right
um and you just get them on are these
books we also did that for booths to
sell better and so the point here is
that like if I wanted to project that
image I would I would go hire a bunch of
hot girls I would go like uh rent a Jet
for a day which is not running a jet you
just sit in it so it's like you know any
rich person lets you sit in their jet
for 100 bucks take a bunch of Instagram
photos change clothes like 30 times and
I could project this image that I'm this
like really successful person
um that never had plays video games no
of course not see that work it out you
kidding me I'm dead lifting I don't I
don't play um I don't play Jedi Survivor
for 10 10 hours and go to bed at a 7 A.M
and you know like no like that's not a
thing I do it right like I have this
highly successful business person right
yeah so I I could project that but in
order to do that I have to create an
identity that you believe
um to subscribe to and and so um Andrew
Tate all these people are Jake Paul
their identities right
they're a larger than life person that
you can't verify because you can't meet
them but when you did when you do meet
them you'll you'll realize they're
incredibly
um painfully
mediocre as human beings right like
maybe they're ripped and they knew how
to get there in the gym maybe they can
fight but the essence of that person is
is rarely if almost ever rewarding you
you don't meet that person and feel like
this is a holistic
fulfilled and and well established being
it's a person who is very obviously
trying to fill the holes of emptiness by
not going through the spiritual
discipline to actually get to real
fulfillment and happiness and is
suffering and projecting that out onto
the world because that's the type of
people that do this but anyway we've
gone off on a huge tangent the the real
thing I want to convey here is that the
reason why all of these are membership
programs is because it relies on these
sort of parasocial connection between
that person where they want to be and
the enlightened master and that this
scan has been going on
for thousands and thousands of years and
we'll go on for as long as human beings
exist we will always
project ourselves onto other people
especially men have this problem where
they you project yourself onto your
Heroes and you say I want to be that I
want to be that dude but instead of
doing that you should say I I can do
that I can be that and more but in my
own definition in my own way I I I'm
going to do that it reminds me of a of
the you know the famous story
and Hermann has a Siddhartha where
Siddhartha meets the Buddha in this in
this story
he meets himself and he explains he
thinks Buddhism is absolutely the best
spiritual discipline but despite that
there's only one better Buddha asks
what's that and he says it's my way
right my Dharma what I'm gonna do and
that's what you need to take away from
it always right your path and what you
do and what you figure out with your own
hard work with your own sweat with your
own passion is always going to be better
than projecting yourself but if you
haven't done the spiritual work to
understand that you're gonna get stuck
in these honey traps where people sell
you memberships and you you project
yourself onto them and I've dealt with
dozens and dozens and dozens of people
over the years where I've convinced them
out of these courses and things like
that because of this because I I just
know the psychology very well but now
you understand the psychology you
understand how ongoing Services
um like that charge for money now that's
quite separate from like the promise of
like a Netflix which is obviously not
saying hey you're going to become an
enlightened being this like a super good
fighter right yeah but we're just going
to provide you more content but you run
into the problems that um I discussed
earlier and so um
for the vast majority of business people
if you are going to build an ongoing
product and service it will be inferior
to selling product for me for example
um let's look at this patreon so this
patreon how many videos do I have on
this Patron right now I think it's
something like north of 90. so you can
pay five dollars for the 90 videos you
can pay 15 for the 90 videos and like
weekly updates and newsletter and my
Mastermind
um recordings which are really valuable
so you have more videos in this like an
average of like two and a half hours
there or you can actually pay I think
it's 20 or 25 dollars to be in The
Mastermind
um and as an ongoing service you have a
Discord chat you have 100 Access to me I
respond to every question
um as well as other people and you have
a weekly meeting that where you can
attend it you can you can feel like um
you are part of something and I think
it's really working like I think it's
like there's so many people that are
reporting good success with it
um it's not just like a blind Discord
service that you join and there's no
Direction like I'm actually there like
that like like it it works
um now that's a really hard service to
run it takes a lot of time
um I have to build videos like this for
it I have to
um spend two and a half hours every week
plus preparation
um Plus all the notes that I read
essentially it's a lot of time like it's
a lot of time to do that or I could have
taken all 90 of those videos I could
have sold them 15 videos which brings
you up to like I think five different
products and I can just package them
this is going to be the how to become an
expert marketer this is going to become
how to be an expert like um writer or
like this could be self-development how
to get your health in check and sell
them as packages at like 297 each bro I
would make so much more money than the
five dollars ongoing right now my
patreon right like I I I'm always um
I'm really big on ethics so always you
can hide your patreon numbers I never
hide it um I'm always public about it so
my public patreon is 5295 a month wow
that's great like that might be amazing
right but if I sold five courses with 90
videos behind a paywall of 297 per month
and I marketed that way it would be
exactly the same product by the way I
don't have to update anything people
would buy it like people would buy
courses for me no problem I mean I'd
make like 150 000 200 000 plus I have
way access to so many more funnels oh my
God I could use um I could use paid ads
I could use affiliate marketing right I
could go on ClickBank I could use forums
I could do so much more like he's PR and
press all that stuff works for product
it doesn't work for courses uh and
memberships uh it doesn't work for
memberships oh my God and I would be I
would literally have made like over a
million dollars if I did this model I
don't do that model because I have an
ethical problem with the idea of courses
and and I think that value doesn't
equate so I always have to be like 50 to
one in terms of like how like I think
you should be getting fifty dollars for
every one dollar you spend here and it's
it's very hard to do that so you I don't
think I could do that if I'm selling
like a 497 course or something or like a
297 course 299 course 300 course it's
way hard to provide that value so
ethically I just don't stand on that
principle and I don't do it I'm not
saying you shouldn't do it like
um there are
I absolutely could build a course that
provides that kind of value and and um
this whole conversation was spawned by a
person who is building a course that
does provide that level of value
you'd easily get that return for so it's
just in my own head this is my barrier
in my psychology
um I offer a membership program which is
basically because I come from twitch and
the subscription model at twitch was
five dollars a month most of the ogs who
are in that that program are people that
subscribed on Twitch for five dollars
because they support me and they asked
for something to support me on um and so
I started patreon now
um a lot of people just paid the five or
fifteen dollars a month just because
they want me to keep creating stuff
great right like like they don't need
anything but I was desperate to provide
them more value so I added stuff to
every tier and now I think we're finally
at a place with the patreon where like
it's actually insanely valuable I'd
recommend it to anybody like it's really
good
um it's like it's really really good so
um I think that I'm happy with that
place and I wouldn't like sell a course
but I also wouldn't charge like a huge
amount for like a membership or like an
ongoing thing unless I was like
confident that I could provide that
value and and so I've made it very easy
for you to decide to spend five dollars
a month but even still I lose
subscriptions right I like I have to
keep creating value if I go away for
three weeks and don't create a video
then like people like might unsubscribe
and like might be like okay well I don't
know if I want to support this like
again like it's that buyer psychology
the person has to constantly make that
decision to rebuy read by rebuy rebuy so
much harder to um
to make that decision that it is to just
buy a product once
let me just go through my notes real
quick and just see if I'm missing
anything I made this video pretty fast
so I don't have
um but I'm not like as prepped as I
usually am
we talking about this psychology
the paid ads
yeah I think I've explained
accurately
the problems of like high barrier to
entry with courses yeah engagement is
harder
um
yeah I guess the over under is when
you're selling a single product
it's clear what you're getting the sale
is the problem it solves bullet points
here's what you get for this product 100
money get back guarantee the pricing
structure is clear
it's easy to Market because every
marketing funnel in the world is built
to sell product and memberships are a
relatively new thing
it used to just be the debate of
religion so now it's digital
and there's not as much to support it so
like the the funnels always work better
for individual product selling so it's
easier to Market
and I think overall
um
the imprint that you make on the
customer will be more
if you are
selling that singular product versus if
you are forcing them to make the ongoing
decision to provide value because that's
just a ticking Time Bomb until the point
where you no longer provide that value
which will come right
yeah so those are some of the
considerations let me uh let me just
steal man real quick
why it might seem like from this video
um you would never do an ongoing
membership
so so what's steel man that that
argument and say like and what instances
would you want to do this
okay number one you're a person with a
huge following or you can get one and
you know that your monthly recurring
revenue is going to be higher because
people will subscribe to you and you're
gonna make a ton of money I mean like
Andrew Tate like pulls them like 500 000
a month off of the people that are
subscribed to his like program right so
like in that example that'd be good uh
number two you actually want to provide
value but you want it to be a closer
touch relationship so maybe you're a
streamer maybe you're a content creator
and you actually want to be closer to
your community for whatever reason God
but but sorry I'm like I've been alive
too long so I'm I'm over that type of
stuff but like let's say you do like
like you you know you're a twitch
streamer you want to be closer to your
community you want to provide value on
that level
um you feel like a product or service
that you sell them is too far removed
and you want to be more involved that's
a good reason to sell a ongoing
membership
um number three you actually want to
build a product or service that updates
and is the type of thing like you're
teaching like well I'm going to be
teaching let's say like Charisma for
example this is one of my favorite
um
courses Charisma on command
now he happens to sell a single year
course
and I I think this is a killer course
for people to try and learn Charisma
um he actually saw a membership now
let's see
I think it's a course last time I
checked
no no yeah this is a course
yeah and and money back guarantee so
this is the model I'm talking about
um
maybe he decides I want to personally
coach or work with people on their
Charisma I just want to have that touch
so I'm going to create a membership
program great okay like that like his
his psychological preference is such
that he just wants to be closer to his
community these are good reasons to
start a membership program because again
while product is superior membership
programs will work it'll work fine
um you just have to be aware of what
you're getting into there are plenty of
reasons why you might want to get closer
to a community be more in touch with the
community I actually like have really
like the Mastermind um the community
that we have on patreon
um I I think that it really helps people
succeed it's a relatively low barrier of
Entry at like 20 a month or whatever it
is and people get a lot of it and I like
being there to answer those questions
and sometimes like this video wouldn't
exist if it wasn't for a friend coming
into
um one of my really good friends
actually coming into the Mastermind and
just be like hey I'm thinking about
these two things like what let's throw
like in this video wouldn't have existed
so the fact that I'm there as that
Personal Touch that would have never
happened with a product right like I
would never ever have been able to
actually get that like communicate with
him get that idea back and forth and
then toss this video out which now is
providing value to hopefully a thousand
people that are on the patreon
um that's great right like that's
something I couldn't get if I was not
selling an ongoing service so if you
consider that like there are definitely
Pros to like building an ongoing service
and and those Pros usually are in like I
want to do more personal touch I want to
do more um like like Hands-On stuff or I
myself want to be a part of the ongoing
evolution of people just because that
fulfills me more in my case that's like
one of the reasons why I do it this way
um but objectively if you're just if
your objective is like I'm I'm trying to
build a product that's going to provide
the value it's going to provide
um I don't need to be Hands-On and I and
I don't want my time in and my ongoing
service to be
as much well then consider building a
product okay so hopefully I've equipped
you to do both I think that last section
was really important actually
um so free people that stay to the end
good stuff I hope it helps yeah so I
think those are all the considerations
between I don't know if I'm I missed
anything
um but if you're thinking about if you
take anything away from this video the
thing you should take away is
biopsychology
um think really hard about the decision
to buy a product one time versus the
this the ongoing decision to buy
products multiple times and and how that
affects your business model okay uh
thanks everybody for being here bye
