hello so sometimes there are videos that
I make that people want to watch and
sometimes I make videos that people
don't want to watch but need to watch
and this is one of those videos that
people need to watch especially people
that are within the one to ten category
which like you just have an idea you're
getting started and you're wondering why
it's not taking off the ground or why
you're not getting the results you want
this is that video for you and I want to
equate this to gaming which I think just
has so many good corollaries to success
in life
um this whole discussion is kind of
going to be on the back of a mastermind
discussion that you're going to see in a
minute about one person's YouTube
channel and we're gonna kind of use them
as a sacrificial lamb okay so we're
gonna go and I'm gonna put up some a
couple of Concepts first and that is
there let's let's look at the let's look
at item Rarity okay in games so you have
common items which are um not that good
or okay in the beginning
and you'd never use them later right
uncommon items which are okay right rare
items everyone knows this epic items and
legendary items okay not exact the same
way so I just want to like eliminate the
word items and drop these out
okay and you can think about this in
terms of people you can think about this
in terms of YouTube channels you can
think about this in terms of results
okay so common results on something like
YouTube which we're going to be using
today and
um you will commonly see people doing
certain things you run into different
YouTube channels like the common results
are always pretty similar okay
um but seeing like real epic and
legendary results is super rare right
there's only one Mr Beast only one
legendary item in in on YouTube right
when it really comes down to it there's
a lot of Epic channels which I would
consider to be like you know 500 000
subscribers or or whatever and you can
look at my channel which is
um my YouTube channel is rare it's not
epic necessarily but having a hundred
thousand subscribers is quite rare so
I'm not like an epic YouTuber but I also
don't set out to do that but if you look
at my channel okay it's definitely not
common to have these kind of this kind
of viewership it's it's not it's also
uncommon to have this viewership and
it's also quite rare but it's not Epic
epic is like you know you go to a
channel and it has like 500 000
subscribers okay so this is all in the
context once you understand this like
this kind of system we're gonna get back
to like why this is important how this
applies to you because we're going to
look at Discord and um this person's
particular Channel who came in and said
basically open up the discussion of like
okay I want to get mentorship for my
channel because I don't know what
direction I want to take it and every
time that somebody like wants mentorship
like basically wants to pay somebody
hourly to
um help them and they're in the like one
to ten categories just go through that
really quickly like I look at I look at
a lot of businesses one to a hundred so
one is idea in your basement right
and 100 is Fortune 500 gig company
this is really helpful to think in these
kind of terms
um so like 10 would be you know you've
kind of got something started and it's
making some money and it's doing okay
like you would probably sell a company
around like 25 to 30 right to 35 so at
this point you have like really serious
mrr and like 50 is like 50 of the
biggest company in the world so it's
quite big right
um so so beyond that it gets like very
rare Okay so
to the people that are going from one to
ten you've got an idea in your basement
you're trying to make a YouTube channel
you're trying to like succeed on your
business in some way
um almost everybody is making this like
you don't need mentorship like 99 of the
time and that was how this conversation
actually started
um
and this is it then I like set out okay
hey I'll take a look at this YouTube
channel and then like I found out it's
absolutely true right like again this is
absolutely not a situation of mentorship
because
um if if you are in the 1 to 25 category
so you don't have a problem with
information ever
um you have a problem with execution
and
execution
meaning uh you're just not doing enough
and the 1 to 25 uh people they they like
want to buy things and acquire things
that I think that the information is
going to solve their problem but in
actuality
um how are epic and legendary results
created right
well they're created by doing a bunch of
common stuff over and over
for a long time
so let's go back to gaming think about
item drops right so how do you get
legendary items and epic items well you
have to like Farm through a ton of just
like regular common items that don't
matter and you're gonna throw most of
those away and then sometimes an epic or
legendary drop is going to occur so you
might go through 10 000 like look at
like cyberpunk 2077 you might go through
like ten thousand twenty thousand normal
assault rifles until a legendary One
Drops you're like oh my God that's the
one right and life works exactly the
same way that's why games are made to
mimic life that when you go through life
you'll have 5 10 500 videos that don't
barely do anything but then you'll get a
legendary drop you get a legendary
opportunity you'll realize that you're
on something and Bam that video will do
10 million views right
um that is just a function of doing the
same thing over and over again until you
get that result that's all it is right
and then optimizing for that as much as
you can so we're going to take a look at
um
dismodo's YouTube channel he's in the
Mastermind here and said uh slight and
concise backstory which is appreciated a
lot of people write like tons of
paragraphs I started a YouTube channel
focused on movies and television they're
fighting that okay but I want to take it
to the next level
um and so I said just link your channel
and I said um I think I did pretty I
don't suppose there's a real problem but
I think I did pretty well going from
zero to 2K between June of last year and
January of this year I burned out hard
because I wasn't enjoying the recap and
review content I mostly stepped away
dropping videos here and there over the
last eight or so months and now I want
to pick it up but not make the exact
same content okay so
um I like like I a lot of the things I'm
going to say here are General
um right but uh I'm also gonna like go a
little bit hard too uh just because I
know my like people that are listening
to this kind of stuff can take it and
they appreciate it and they know that
I'm coming from a place where I really
want people to win okay um but also I'm
not like speaking directly to this motor
here like he says there's not
necessarily a problem he's aware of what
he's doing okay so um if we take a look
at like this YouTube channel
okay
um it's a movie review Channel there's
about 2k subscribers and if we sort by
like the most popular videos I've ever
done
um he got some really good uh like views
on these like Dexter videos about eight
months ago and then my guess is probably
started to like try to make different
content didn't get those
um results and got demotivated and quit
for eight months right uh like
simultaneously realizing like oh [ __ ]
I'm going to be in this movie category
forever making videos like this so guess
what this is right this 2K YouTube
channel that did this this is a super
super common result right you'll see if
you go over YouTube and you find these
channels there are hundreds and hundreds
and hundreds of these channels why
because every single person's mindset is
oh I'll make a few videos oh I had that
one like really succeed there oh I don't
really want to invest into that like uh
like to that I don't want to just be a
movie review guy I'm just gonna it takes
some months to figure it out and then
like you get inspired again and you come
back and
um oh cool like eight months now I'm
gonna like reinvent my channel like why
is it not working like I need a mentor
right like that's [ __ ] like you you
didn't make videos for eight months and
then you uh and you didn't capitalize on
it on the trend that that was working
for you so you failed like that's it
like that like that's that's very common
right like that like an uncommon thing
to do would have been keep posting
videos in that Trend and then you get
those channels that are kind of about
one thing
um and they
uh sort of like just like keep doing
that thing until it works uh and some
channels get to Epic results that way
right like there's a lot of like reacts
channels and things like that that just
like succeed that way there's also rare
channels that like a rare thing to do
would have been to like continuously
upload throughout that eight months and
continuously try everything
um in that category so like setting out
that this is just a super common thing
to do you don't need a mentor you're not
doing anything wrong and actually if you
click on these videos they're really
well produced like they're they're
they're they're super good with like a
lot of like high quality production a
lot of clips and stuff
um and then he's also a very good
speaker so there's nothing wrong here
like you're not doing anything wrong
you're just [ __ ] lazy you didn't put
in the work like so you lost like that's
it that's super common result right if
you want to be rare epic or legendary
you've got to do the results that
actually produce that right which is not
hard you don't have to like a lot of
people think like oh I have to like go
think about like these really unique
ideas and like I Gotta Wait forget
nothing you just gotta keep producing
and like like come up with an idea it
does not everything has to hit you just
have to you could have like 300 400
common videos and then you'll get your
epic result like once you find the
trends and like this stuff will like
become a parent and the actual action of
doing it but if you're if you if you're
eight months out and you're like man
like I need a mentor like no like you
just like you just need to do the work
right so
um
now
um what like and and by the way sorry it
seems like I'm going really hard and I
am because like like I'm not necessarily
speaking directly to this person right
I'm speaking to like everybody in the
audience that needs to hear this I don't
even know if this is dismodo's
particular problem right but but I'm
pretty sure it is but like um I I'm
pretty sure there are people right now
listening to this who are like okay I
identify with that I get that that is my
problem like what I'm trying to get you
to think about this is the most
important part of the video what I'm
trying to get you to think about is that
you are doing things that common people
do to fail right common people they they
wish wash on on [ __ ] they go oh yeah I
want to do that thing oh I'm really
interested in that thing oh I'm really
interested in that thing oh I'm really
interested in that thing right like they
get inspired by a tweet they get
inspired by a YouTube video and they go
decide to do something based on it and
then they do a thing once or twice and
then they go to another thing there's an
ADHD like on a macro level where people
are just bouncing around to every
[ __ ] thing that's loser mentality you
will lose that way because that's what
everybody does is right the uncommon
thing to do is to pick a topic and then
to actually keep making videos keep
making content to pick a business and to
keep working on your product like it's
not is there times where I come into the
office and I'm like okay it's like it's
day 500 billion at the market agency
right I'm doing the same thing I'm
pushing the same results I'm trying to
convince Brands to buy with us I'm
trying to get creators to like get on
board and do their deals I'm trying oh
like right I'm trying to convince people
um like are there days where I want to
create videos like let me tell you
something like let me just like tell you
something that I think will really
impact you okay like I really want to
make a YouTube channel about gaming I
love gaming I play I play games all the
time offline and I would really like to
like to make a channel just talking
about meta issues and gaming you know
why I don't do it because I can't even
get my YouTube channel
to get three videos a week
so so so the the the loser thing to do
would have been to to look at this
Channel at and by the way I I've thought
about this for years I thought about
this for years like
um like 20K subscribers I was thinking
about it 30k subscribers like the common
thing to do would have been to give up
on this channel because sometimes it's
extremely frustrating to be in the new
media space and and although like I've
managed to broaden this you can still
see that like a lot of my videos are
twitch Centric which like I personally
hate I don't really want to talk about
the platform but like look like my last
like three videos like these two are
Esports that was good but these three
videos like they're they're very twitch
focused so I know I can Branch this into
like General business stuff but like
guess what I'm working on last night
another twitch video right because like
that's just how it is like that's how
I'm gonna produce those results and I'm
going to figure out how to like goats
from like from that to like business
type content and stuff that I really
want to talk about like I talk about on
this patreon so
um
there are tons of times where I want to
build that gaming channel but I don't
because I can't even get three videos a
week on this channel so I don't like I
don't make that channel like I don't
have the time I I need to understand
that and I am specializing in a field
that is working for me that I'm getting
better and better at and I like there
are many many days where I don't like
doing that right
um now that said I have a fascination
with attention I have a fascination with
like media and and how it works so I do
like really love exploring these topics
like exactly how to grow a brand from
zero followers is a really fun video so
it's like streamers who obsessive review
counts doesn't do as well but I really
like them right but I have to cover the
meta topics and everybody has to cover
their topics because that's how you
produce those results so going back to
to this channel
oh no no I'm not done yet so so I just
want like I want to Echo I want to pound
that into people's heads that like the
the common thing think about what
everyone does you go you go you go you
see a friend you're catching up with
them and uh like what even what have you
been up to oh man I'm getting into this
uh hobby new book whatever you don't see
people pursuing Mastery like I like like
like for example
if you're oh I started going to the gym
oh awesome like how how many how long
have you been going to the gym but right
like that conversation how many times
you've had that conversation and then
how many people have you met that have
been going consistently to the gym
for five years straight every day that's
and guess what they probably have epic
results they probably look incredible
right now they weren't doing anything
special they were just not doing what
common people do which is oh yeah I just
started going to the gym then you take
eight months and then you you like you
you start go to the gym again and your
life is perpetually that that's loser
mentality that's what everybody's doing
right if you want to be like epic and
legendary you've got to do the common
stuff over and over again in that
category until you get there and the
thing is this is the other thing that I
think really like makes people
um I guess upset or or just like unable
to like process this you can't be rare
and epic legendary at all kinds of
things right like you just you you have
to have a rare like if you want to be
epic like maybe you can do it at like
one or two or three things maximum three
things probably absolute maximum so like
for example
Joe Rogan is epic even legendary at
Comics like right like he's a stand-up
comic the most popular most popular
podcast in the world and he's a UFC
fight commentator so he's like legendary
at three things and there are very few
people in the world that are like that
Diversified he's probably the most
Diversified successful person in the
world
and a lot of those things are corollary
too like both of you use UFC fighting
and his stand-up and his podcasting all
revolve around being a incredible
speaker so so one could say that really
Joe Rogan is just like an incredible a
legendary conversationalist and then
applies it across three Fields so even
he is like a specialist right so if he
wanted to get into like
um and then and then like another things
like actually he's a really good example
we'll stay on him for a second because
like there are things he's rare at like
for example he's a very good fighter but
he's not he's not a competitive fighter
he never was right he wasn't like an
epic or legendary fighter why because he
couldn't invest that amount of time into
it when he was like becoming a
personality doing Fear Factor things
like that so you won't be able to do
everything you want to do there are so
many things in life that I want to be
good at this I want to be multilingual I
want to be I I want to like I have a ton
of knowledge and personal development
and self-improvement but I would say
like I'm rare at that but I can't be
epic or legendary but what I'm truly
epic in legendary at is marketing
attention Gathering and teaching this
right that's like what I'm really
[ __ ] good probably better than anyone
at uh and and like if you don't see that
now you'll see it as I build this up in
two years it'll happen right
um because I'm I'm after that so you
have to set up what you want to be epic
about so now let's get into like a
discussion that will actually help like
a little bit for this example
um it's pretty clear that dis quit eight
months ago you can see it here because
he didn't want to be epic at movie
reviews I totally [ __ ] understand
right like like if you
like you're on a YouTube channel and
you're making content you're like I
don't want to be stuck in this Niche
this is not what I want to do respect
right like that's fine
um but the answer isn't to quit for
eight months the answer is go make the
videos that you want to create so he
talks about
um making these videos
that uh like like we'll go back like the
dream
would be to work really hard on one or
two videos a month and get massive views
and there's potential to make highly
successful content but I'm trying to
come up with a new Spin and a sea of
movie review channels yeah so like
doing the the hard thing to do in this
category is like to make these kind of
videos right
where you
make a video that tells a story
about like why the movie matters or why
the concept matters like for example
like why
do like like what is like what is
driving the Marvel Universe in terms of
music and why is it important you get
like a heavily edited documentary
um
that like like and this is all scripted
it's all carefully chosen it takes hours
and hours to edit like one of the most
famous videos on this channel is how to
do action comedy which is a a Jackie
Chan this this video hasn't been updated
for the six years right it's a very old
video but it's really well done and it
just it it's obviously like really well
thought out every step is super well
thought out okay to make it like a nine
minute video so can you do this yeah
like that's the thing it's like what I'm
saying you don't need a mentor or like
more information like you are these
video like plenty of these examples um
already exist I even like subscribed to
some I I haven't watched a lot of this
stuff in
um a while but I remember like during
the Star Wars
um era
right we could probably find
some of this kind of stuff I think
people are still
yeah how to kill a franchise I think
this is the one I was thinking about
which
just goes like like this form of video
is a really well thought out highly
scripted
highly edited video that tells a story
that complements something adds a lot to
the conversation right so if you're just
making movie reviews you're not really
adding a lot to the conversation and
you're not going to produce like those
results but again like somebody just
producing stupid movie reviews will
literally produce incredible results
isn't that the um
what's the uh channel that does that
it's it's quite literally uh
I'd have to I'd have to find it I can't
think about it right now but there's
literally like there's like so many
channels that produce really like
really
they're similar in production to like
what you're doing
and they produce those results I think
this is one of the ones I was thinking
about the Angry Joe show
where it's like I don't I don't even
think that the this yeah this is like
not even uh this is like a great example
of what I'm talking about right so this
dude does like podcasting he kind of
like talks about things you can see that
like I don't think that this is like
really heavily edited this is not edited
at all it's just like a dude sitting on
a green screen and talking about things
in every video right and he like even
goes by episode and talks about Andrew's
review and Modern Warfare 2 but look at
the views they're really good they're
like like this is these are this is epic
results it's not legendary results but
these are epic results three million
subscribers so so this is not super
crazy well produced movie reviews right
like the titles are good 500k views on
episode 5 brings a power review this
person is succeeding by every word of
the metric and like their production
quality is not good it's just like like
I mean like they're like like they're
editing like like the production quality
is fine but but it's like this is a
background
okay they're sitting in a a theater so
they've that's that's a still image
and then they like they just talk right
so like what I'm saying is this is a
person who's used this game I was like
just go buy like how many videos this
person is hammering out every single day
this person is producing fairly common
videos that tons of people are producing
but they are producing them with um over
and over and over again until they get
those epic results right so you can also
put a ton of time into one video
and then produce that thing
and then if and then that might get you
those epic results because it's uncommon
for people to put 300 hours into a video
right
but what I want to steer people away
from is like
stop go like stop thinking that you need
more information like oh my God like I
just don't know something like no like
you're [ __ ] lazy you just stop
putting in the work that's really what
it is like you're not putting in the the
dozens and dozens of hours that it
requires I'm sorry like I really am like
but like someone needs to tell you this
I don't care if people unsubscribe
because they don't want to hear this
like that's like like fine like okay
whatever you're just not putting in the
work that's that's it like you don't
need more information you don't need a
[ __ ] Mentor you don't need a 500
Consulting call like stop like like just
like just like [ __ ] stop and go put
in the boring common work every day if
you really want this otherwise go get a
job like everybody else has and it's
fine like wait it's not it's not a bad
thing but like we glorify this um like
oh my God like entrepreneurship so cool
working for yourself so cool like the
cost is go do boring common [ __ ] and
categories that you may not want like
like I'm over twitch dude I was over
twitch eight months ago well I I left
I'm done right like my company runs 9 90
of it [ __ ] through YouTube now in terms
of Revenue right why am I still talking
about it because I understand it's a bit
it's it's part of what my audience wants
to see as I figure out one in five times
you'll see it's like one in three videos
one in five videos I'm trying to do
something different
I figure out like how to expand the
content that I'm doing to things that
matter more to me but I still have to
put in the common work all the time just
like I do at the agency or like maybe I
want my agency to be you know something
within my vision I've got to put in the
common work today to answer the emails
to make sure that the info Works to make
sure the lights stay on because that's
the game man and and and that's how you
have to produce uncommon results like
you don't get that level of success
um because like for like just because
you want it that's not how it works
so I I mean another good example of this
is like moist crit we just keep doing
this right but like voice critical I
think is one of the best examples I
actually had this in my show notes so
this is just not I don't even know if he
edits his videos at all I think he edits
his videos a little bit
but you could look at like like this is
like this is a legendary person on
YouTube epic person on YouTube right 11
million subscribers epic there's
different scales like he's close to
Legendary and he's done some really
awesome [ __ ] like the the like he's
expanded outward and done shows and
stuff but the vast majority of his
content
is literally just him sitting
and talking about meta issues
and if you sort his videos by oldest
guess what he was doing this 15 years
ago
thousands and thousands and thousands
and thousands of videos that have dog
[ __ ] editing but what makes him an epic
and legendary person is that he didn't
stop he just kept going and and like I
find his content awesome because every
single video that he made he was
producing
better results for himself he was
figuring out how to talk better how to
communicate better how to
um what what works what doesn't
um what titles are good right like if
you I I love moist critical because he
left his entire Legacy on here so you
can literally see somebody trying to
succeed like Halo Reach Lone Wolf
legendary gameplay and commentary right
Battlefield BC fun tax bombardment you
can literally see
that like critical's first sniper
montage he didn't know anything about
titles here he didn't know anything
about anything
and he didn't care he just kept going
until now like if you look at if you
look at this kind of stuff and you see
what he's what he's changed
you can see that his communication
has gotten so much better
and the the way that he has spoken about
these things has gotten so much better
his communicate like so many things have
improved his comedy his timing his
pacing literally just because he
hammered at it so there's different ways
to succeed like you can put in an
uncommon amount of time on a few videos
and do very well you could also put it
but like like like for me and I think
the best way to succeed consistently
in business and is just to put in a do
the common things
and like I could like try to go build
the best agency by
trying really hard to sign like a single
client and put a ton in hundreds of
hours work into that and I might make
the I might make the cut I might not but
by just putting in the common like the
common work every single day then I I
have a reasonably High chance of
succeeding
and just like you do so many common
things you become rare epic and
legendary because
um quite literally there were how many
people made videos like moist critical
when he got started how many people were
doing clip montages of Call of Duty with
tons of people man but how many people
stayed and did it for 15 years one guy
that guy right like go find me another
YouTube channel that made consistent
videos for 15 years and innovated like
every time and tried and then like right
didn't succeed
they they all they all succeed because
common results eventually produce epic
and legendary results so I just want you
to like really think about this okay
like going forward and again this video
is not intended to Target anybody
individually or to it's intended to
insult some people but because you have
to realize like look like I guess I'll
close with this
I was about to apologize now just double
it down I love it
um most people are gonna be losers
that's it right like like most people
are going to be losers um I was talking
to a reporter the other day and we were
looking at the streamer ratio of like
people that were uh that are streaming
on Twitch versus people that are viewing
on Twitch right
um so for people that don't know there
is one streamer for every 26 to 28
viewers on Twitch
okay so 28 people watching One streamer
right so if you were to if you were to
take all the viewers on Twitch and then
you were to to distribute them and say
okay all of you go and just average
across the entire website there'd be
about 28 viewers per stream and what
would happen nobody would make any money
because there's not enough viewers to go
around but guess what it's exactly the
same in the business world it's exactly
the same in the content World there are
not enough viewers to watch your [ __ ]
there's not enough people to pay for
your [ __ ] because everybody wants this
right so if you want to win you have to
produce results that other people aren't
doing you have to work harder you have
to you know something work different you
can but you have to work harder and you
have to work longer and you have to work
more consistently and you have to keep
going where everybody else gives up this
is true in everything it's true in gym
it's true in lifting I like there are so
many days where I don't want to go to
hot yoga man that's my thing Hot Yoga is
my thing and like I just keep going
right like like I I don't know how to
explain it to you I just keep guide
right so
um because I know like eventually I will
like have those incredible results if I
just keep going to the stupid class
every single day pushing it I just
getting over covid I hate going right
now like I'm going today right like like
uh at the end of the work day I'm going
today I hate going right now like I do
not like it it's not fun it's not cool
um I'm I have respiratory weakness uh
it's really hard to push through classes
I feel like I'm starting over basically
after covid I'm going I'm going okay
because that's because loser mentality
is to quit and say oh yeah I tried it I
I tried
um hot yoga for a while I really want to
get back into it okay
[ __ ] lose your mentality pisses me
off it should piss you off too like if
you like get the [ __ ] out of that again
really like like it does nothing for you
it like that is what every loser is
thinking in the world they're thinking
oh like yeah I'm just gonna try this
thing out for like and then I'm gonna go
do this like dude like focus on
something like have a specialty like
have like like have a like like have a
thing that you're you're passionate
about and then like stay in it and and
do it like right this is the thing like
I said like you may not want to hear it
but you need to hear it like you've got
to put in the common results and like
and like you you just have to like find
the motivation knowing that that like
that that mountain you're climbing it
right
and so many people like they start
climbing them out and they look up and
they're like ah you know like oh look at
that one over there that Hill looks
better I'm gonna go up there right so I
I just want people to win really bad and
I just know that like 99.9 of people are
just gonna be losers and like like you
know there's different levels of losers
right like
um
I think that um
if you make the active decision like
like one of the things I think that's
like just like real quick like you can
like get a job and you can work in like
a creative job and work as a leader
within a business and it can be an
extremely fulfilling and awesome career
right the top 50 or 100 people or 500
people or 5 000 people at Facebook and
at meta and at Google and at like these
companies the top 5 000 people at Google
are richer than I will ever be in my
life right and they contributed to
something that is amazing so I don't
want to downplay like like I think
people like real like we're just talking
in the context of like doing your own
thing in entrepreneurship right but like
realize that like it's also not a loser
thing to do to like get a really good
and like powerful position where you're
contributing to something and and it's
absolutely something I would even
personally consider were it not that
like the I'm such an [ __ ] that the
only gear I have is to like I can't work
on like I just can't do it
um and I hate that a little bit because
it means that I can't really contribute
or solve really interesting problems
within structures that um that didn't
this problem solved and so don't think
of yourself as like a loser if you're
like going in and like your goal is like
yeah I just want to like get like 150k
200k a year job you're still uncommon
you're so rare right like one percent of
people in the United States make over
40K a year right or way less than one
percent so you're still epic like if you
go get uh if you get a job right that
that does that where you're contributing
something if you're an Amazon principal
or you're a sde or something like that
right you're probably solving really
interesting problems and so I also kind
of want to push people away from like
the sense of Entrepreneurship
it's like oh I have to like uh to do
this thing to like make my money like no
like you have to find a passion and then
stay to it like because you know how
those sdes and those those like Amazon
people that get to 40K a year they code
every day over and over again it's the
same thing right like they don't have a
YouTube channel you don't need a YouTube
channel to be like super successful
right like they they are just coding
every single day of their lives they're
doing the common thing to be able to
produce that uncommon result eventually
which is that 40K your job and and just
like
um
people that are we'll say this video
should also go back and watch the videos
on my main YouTube channel why you're
bad at marketing probably right which is
a themed video about
people that are
just unable to detach from um from all
these Concepts like oh entrepreneurship
is the way to go because I make my own
time no not necessarily you can make
your own time within plenty of job
structures especially now like with like
remote work and stuff like that right
like all these Concepts that you attach
to right right
um and and attachment really is the
issue because attachment also is the
cause of how you're bouncing around on
all these different subjects where it's
like oh like oh it would be really cool
to make a YouTube channel about gaming
and then I attached to that oh I really
want to talk about twitch though and
attached to that and there's oh I really
want to talk about about that see it
like and you just grasped me everything
and just like attachment is like water
where if you have a subject water and
you try to hold on to that subject it
starts spilling through your hands you
you can't you can't like hold on to
everything it just go like like
everything goes away everything's like
water it all it all flows out of your
hands and you have nothing so the what
like instead of like like attaching to
all these like different things you
should like attach the internal sense of
passion of something you really want to
create and then realize that you're
going to be on a multi-year journey to
create that thing with no guarantee of
success right and that's true at getting
a job it's true with ability YouTube
channel true with everything right if
you want to produce legendary results
you devote your life to doing the common
things over and over and over again
right the one legendary person on
YouTube
um Mr Beast literally spent
thousand I mean thousands of hours in
phone calls watching YouTube videos
he literally has never seen a movie in
his life you know that's like he haven't
he hasn't seen a movie or a TV show in
his life because he just spent his time
watching and analyzing YouTube videos
like that's that's what it takes to
produce legendary results right now now
you and me we don't need legendary
results I don't need to be Mr Beast you
probably don't need to be a Mr Beast
right but I would like to be a rare or
epic contributor I think that's cool to
something right and he probably would be
too so if you want to do that then
produce common results in that field
over and over again until you get there
that's it you want to be a power lifter
just go every day to the gym and and
keep doing it and and by the way you
don't need
um two million YouTubers courses on how
to do it right like you could maybe like
go a few times and then go look for some
like form check videos but go right like
you want to be the Epic power Builder
keep going every single day and then
before you know it
like what's What's um what's five years
what's ten years really from now right
like you're you're gonna be here you're
gonna be doing the same thing you're
doing now right so you might as well
like put some time in on something every
single day because like what I think is
cool is that like okay let's say that I
do manage to go to yoga every single day
like hot yoga I I do hot yoga like Power
Yoga
so I actually like a lot of um
bodybuilding type stuff in it too
um
let's say I do go every day and I really
push myself I'm in the heat
right well today I I get to the studio
no big deal I've just gotten our class
down I know I feel good but not
particularly any different I go tomorrow
I go tomorrow and I go tomorrow well
before I know it's it's two years right
like time's gonna pass right and now I'm
two years ahead I feel great right so
like we we have to separate our thinking
from that like
oh um
like
two years from now five years from now
whatever
but like today what are you doing today
what are you doing to make your video
today what are you doing to build your
business today what are you doing to
attach that one thing you're gonna do
every single day you're gonna put that
time into
right
and then before you know it like five
ten years down the line you'll just be
there
um if you don't bounce around to five
million different things you'll actually
be a a a real level of success
like
I would rather
I like like you have two people that
come to me
one person says
I'm gonna go to the gym every single day
and not watch a single YouTube video
about how to do it and I'm just gonna
try for an hour and I have no idea what
I'm doing I'm never going to get a
mentor and I'm never gonna like like but
I'll be there every day like I'll be
there five days a week and I'll take two
or two rest days and then I've gotta and
then I've got a normal person that says
yeah I'm gonna watch every YouTube video
on this I'm subscribed to like 10
Fitness channels and
um I'm gonna go
try to work out
with no plan no goal like and like
nothing in mind and like yeah I'm gonna
try to do it like I would take the bet
on the consistent person every single
time
there's no question I would like I would
take the BET and you would too right
like you would take the bet on the five
day a week guy that has no knowledge
that has nothing that's literally like
trying to to bench press on a leg press
machine like like I would I would take
the consistent guy every time because
eventually someone's gonna come over and
be like hey dude like that's dumb do it
this way oh okay uh Hey or or eventually
he's gonna be like Ow like that didn't
work like I was trying like right like
it keep like he's gonna keep going until
he gets it and he doesn't like so stop
stop all this information stop all this
Consulting [ __ ] okay like [ __ ] yeah
it frustrates me so much you guys I see
you pain this is why I don't like that's
why I don't like open up Consulting
things like I've been thinking about
doing one Consulting thing a week I I
hate doing it because I usually get like
a small Critter who just doesn't need me
you don't need it it's not gonna help
anything you need this you need this
okay go work
[ __ ] get after it
