in this video we're going to talk about
productivity real productivity and I'm
going to give you the only two things
that actually make a person productive
all right so I am a person who is
obsessed with self-improvement I've read
over 700 self-improvement books
non-exaggerations how many books I've
read I've seen every idea Under the Sun
and probably implemented it from cold
showers to meditation and I'm here to
tell you what actually works and that's
what this video is about uh the the idea
for this spark was sparked and I want to
share just like a couple Twitter threads
you probably see these everywhere right
these are just people that uh write
things like okay this is like my morning
routine I walk 20 000 steps a day
um I have like a morning electrolyte
supplement I cook all my own meals I
meditate I go to bed every day you'll
probably see the same kind of self-help
Improvement type of stuff all of the
time from people and you know here's
like another one take long walks block
the internet capture ideas everywhere so
how many of you have seen this kind of
rhetoric come out of people and you
might be trying to implement these kind
of things in your life to be a more
effective person and I had a period of
time where I was implementing a ton of
stuff I would get up every morning at
6am I would go to hot yoga I would I
would meditate afterwards I would write
in my journal and guess what I didn't
start working until 11AM right so the
problem with this modality of thinking
and this idea of trying to get you into
these routines is that the people that
are writing this stuff the people that
are building these self-improvement
routines this dude's job for example is
telling you about self-improvement stuff
his job is teaching people this stuff
and then putting it into putting you
into a funnel and selling you a course
or something so he's going to walk 20
000 steps a day because all he has to
think about is how to get you to sell it
by his thing on Twitter but you walking
20 steps a day is 20 steps further away
from your goal of actually working on
whatever thing you need to do so
I'm gonna introduce a new modality today
that is called the ANSI routine and I
say new there's some people that have
actually caught on to this
but I I think that
um I love the word anti-routine and so
previously like this is like the the
previous concept right is that like
humans are
um routine based creatures get into an
effective healthy routine
um to work more okay that's like the
sort of basis the theory of this concept
that we had before and I'm gonna
introduce A New Concept which is you
should
eliminate all distractions
and your goal should be to work as fast
as possible and I'm going to Define work
right because I think the the idea and
what people get so caught up in is this
idea that if you build out all these
other systems around your work you will
work more effectively when you do work
but what I have found is that that is
actually not the problem that the vast
majority of people have the vast
majority of people have don't have the
problem of like having routines or or
not meditating enough or whatever the
vast majority of people just don't work
no matter what that's like actually the
truth and I I've had um a lot of
discussions about this and and I now
realize that people are perhaps the most
delusional about how they actually work
and what effective work is so when I say
work what I really mean is you are doing
an activity that directly supports your
goal AKA more money
um more growth more followers May maybe
if you're doing content better product
right or something like that right
you're so if you're actually working
you're working on something that is
forwarding a goal that you have set
before and you're working on something
that is as effective as possible towards
that so I want to change this modality
that there there's actually what I'm
about to say is really important maybe
like kind of the most important part of
this video
there's a I used to think that if you
meditate for 30 minutes a day
you'll work more effectively as a result
but what you're actually doing is you're
attaching the 30 minutes a day
meditation to your ability to work so
what's happening is you're supplementing
and you're using all of these routines
to actually
um handicap yourself to now being
attached to having that routine in order
for you to be able to do this thing it's
actually a victimization so why do you
need all this stuff right do you need to
wake up in the morning and do this huge
morning routine so that you can work no
like what you should do is you should go
to your computer as fast as possible and
then start working on the thing that
matters and if you put yourself in that
mindset what happens is you start to
work on things that matter without the
need for any of these other things and
that's not I'm not saying that
um I'm not like a healthy person or I'm
not encouraging you to be a healthy
person I work out every day I do all
that stuff but I do that because I want
to feel better within myself I I don't
do it anymore because I think I'm going
to work more effectively for me to work
more effectively what I've been doing is
I've been eliminating as many
distractions as possible I've been
shutting off Discord I've been um I I've
been starting to not be on social media
as much and I promise to you in this
video that I'm going to give you two
things that I think are the actual ways
that you get productive so if you're
going to spend your time doing two
anything I'm going to give you two
things that you can do to to Really
first one is going to be around
identifying how to actually do the right
kind of work and one is going to be
around
um building out new ideas so
um I like I don't want any walks I don't
want any meditations I don't want any
fruit juice cleanses these are the two
things that I would actually focus on
the first is uh creative brainstorming
and um creative brainstorming there's a
this is like an actual useful tweet
where spending 30 minutes a day
brainstorming ideas will dramatically
improve your content most don't spend
anywhere near that I love this and I
started doing this this is actual real
work that supplements work right and it
doesn't have to be for Content
businesses it could be ways to improve
your product it could be ways to get
more customers so when I say creative
brainstorming it always starts the same
way
I'm gonna shut down as many distractions
as I can I'm going to sit usually play
some pretty chill music and I will start
brainstorming based on what I'll usually
do is I'll start with words so I'll say
something like advertisement advertising
um advertising agency and then I might
go like agency
um okay so like ads for agency ads for
Brands right and then I'll keep going
until like I get something like specific
like
um I might come from this like now like
what I'm thinking is like I need to
create
um
a ad
for a brand to easily understand what I
do right and then like to see like and I
got that from just like typing these
words and I might and I just typed like
a random word and then I thought that
this actually might be a good idea for
Content or something like that I might
start with something like twitch twitch
creators I'm just like thinking like
word associations right
um twitch Creator problems that's
interesting right twitch created
problems right now ads are bad
um also
um people are upset at the website right
and then like um lots of creators are
not growing right and so you'll see that
like I I might come up with like a
hundred ideas here in this session and
I'll just keep going and eventually one
of them will be a banger idea for a
video or a great idea for a product or
something like that so I think that
creative brainstorming basically
involves a sort of 15 I think like 30
minutes a day is a lot of time
um I think that like a 15 to 20 minute
session which is generally what I spend
is fine and I will usually do things
like I'll show you a couple of um
where's my uh just one sec here
I'll show you uh some notes that I that
I take on this so it's things like
um here this is something I'm going to
show you in a minute
so I might be like I'll take like a
Content scripting thing where I I might
um
I might do something
like this
so here I started with the word Esports
and I'll just like paste my creative
brain session from yesterday so I just
started with the word Esports I went to
Esports salaries are too high because
that's just what I thought about Esports
viewership business news build a
business how to build your first
business see like I'm just like like
creating ideas based on this so I think
this is a really effective way to
um to actually work like to figure out
what you're going to want to work on and
then the second thing I want to show you
was actually what I just pulled up which
is
um called 80 20 analysis
and 80 20 analysis is how to figure out
what to actually work on
um there I've done entire videos on this
that you can go look at
but I'll give you the sort of overview
here uh the idea of 80 20 analysis is
going to you're basically going to list
the answers to these questions the way
because a lot of people say okay well
it's great I I want to be able to work
and I want to be able to work on
effective things but how do I work on
things how do I even know what to work
on this is the answer to that okay so
um
what are 20 of the activities of people
that are producing 80 I want so first of
all this for part of the of it is like
looking at your current life and how
you're taking your time and I and for
context I run one of these like every
three to four weeks so I'll run like
these questions and see how they're
changing what do I need to do to
increase the value of what I'm doing 10x
what's had the greatest positive
emotional negative impact in my life and
then the expanded questions are ones
I've added over time
what am I trying to be world class at is
a super important question for figuring
out what to work on so for example so I
actually want to do a video probably
just on this question on its own because
um you can only be world class at like
one maybe two things in your life and as
long as you kind of keep the focus of
what you're going to be world class at
then you um will not work on everything
that's not related to that this is
another really power question for that
is if I could only work two hours a day
next week what should be my focus so you
run yourself through all these questions
what are four fifths of the time
consuming activities I'd remove if I was
forced to and you should what you do is
you you put together a to-do list and a
not to-do list and now all of a sudden
you know what to work on okay so from
from there you should really like this
probably takes me I'd say 30 minutes to
an hour a month I you know like I said
over three or four weeks and this
creative brainstorming session takes me
about 15 to 20 minutes okay so total
amount of time invested and this like I
get like actual ideas and of things to
do and then this I get like a to-do list
of things to do like in a macro sense of
how to improve my business or how to of
my content or whatever I'm trying to do
so total investment of time is probably
like maybe 15 to 20 minutes a day
and then uh you know add an hour to that
in in terms of like once a month that's
about all I need to like really plan out
what
um I need to work on and and and the
more that I do this and the more that
you do this the more that you are going
to get better at it and the more that
you're going to like be able to
automatically kind of cut things in your
life because you're gonna say okay this
doesn't serve me I already know this
I've done this a bunch of times most
people are not working effectively most
people are not working at all actually
other people that are working at all are
usually not working effectively on
something that's actually moving and go
forward and um you have to sort of like
look back and analyze that
um a big reason for this is fear a huge
reason for this is just like your fear
of moving something forward because you
don't know if you're going to succeed or
if it's going to win out or if if it's
going to like be a thing like you're
gonna fail like fear failure everybody
talks about fear of failure but I don't
think anybody like understands what it
is fear of failure actually manifests
itself is procrastination so when you're
not doing something it's because you
actually fear failure you fear that you
also that like fear of success is a
version of fear of failure where it's
like what do I even do if this thing
works and I have so many obligations
that I have to pay attention to it
that's another fear of wait wait fear
right there right so usually when people
don't work they go check Reddit they go
check like social media they go check
Twitter they're they're doing
um they're procrastinating because
there's some interlaid fear there's some
interfere about like what to actually do
which is why you have to use these
processes to distill the stuff down so
now the the second part and the theme of
this video is that if you are
um if you are using all these morning
routines and all these all these
routines that people are telling you to
do doing these 20 000 steps a day things
like this is this is literally another
method of procrastinating that's just
exactly the same as going on Reddit or
Twitter or whatever it's just seen as
more healthy and it is more healthy
right but like nobody that is actually
in the business of building like a a
serious multi-million dollar company is
walking 20 000 steps a day is cooking
all their own meals is like
supplementing like meditating it's not
happening the people that are actually
making that stuff happen if you want to
operate at that level they're doing
things they're they're actually working
on stuff and they're working on stuff
really effectively if you look at like
most of the the super successful people
they're just at work they're just
grinding and like uh self-improvement
people like to use
uh like examples like Jack Dorsey or
whatever who's like already like running
a company
um and has delegated at a very high
level he's like structured his life in
that way so that he can like spend time
doing stuff that he wants to do which is
which is fine but like for the vast
majority of the time that he was
building those companies he was working
like 24 7. so
when you wake up in the morning you
don't need to meditate you don't need to
you know eat a specific type of seed
from the Himalayan Mountains to like
reach Enlightenment you actually just
need to like sit down on your computer
and you should know exactly what you're
doing so you should have a a calendar it
like like a calendar notification at um
every and I have this and every day at 5
30 which is kind of around the time I'm
sort of winding down
and I I do what's called a next day plan
and the next day plan kind of involves
like taking these notes and saying okay
this is what I should actually work on
immediately when I get into the office
and when I'm like thinking like what's
going to move me forward the most and
then
um from as soon as I get into the office
the the first hour is dedicated towards
that task and then the rest of it is
just working on the things that I
actually need to work on but when I wake
up in the morning
um I choose the same clothes I don't eat
I intermittent fast all the way to
dinner so that I can get to work and I
can start working in the fastest way
possible
um and then and then and again like my
personal health isn't compromised by
um
by anything like like I I'm healthier
than I've been in years I think because
I I instead of using those workouts as a
crutch to try to be more effective I now
Implement those things into my life
because I genuinely want to be a
healthier person but they aren't related
to work I'm not pretending anymore and I
did this for years I probably even
talked about it in videos about like
like as a thing to do or how to have
effective money routines I'm not
pretending that those things are making
me a more effective working person and I
and I really want you to think about
that if you're in this camp
which a lot of you probably are because
I I do a lot of self-improvement stuff
so people are probably listening uh for
that kind of thing
I used to identify myself
as a more effective CEO because I go to
yoga or a strength train or something
but that's you're a more
effective CEO or you're a more effective
entrepreneur if you're actually working
on the thing that moves it for us all
you should think about is doing the
activities that directly support your
goals if you want to make more money do
the activities that actually directly
support your income don't go do all the
other stuff meditation doesn't make you
more money I don't care what anybody
says it doesn't make you more effective
like there's it does plenty there's
plenty of health benefits and I do it
every day but it's not going to make you
a more effective executive it's not
going to build your business if you
don't believe me just go sit and
meditate for 18 hours a day and see if
you're a millionaire like it's not going
to work right there's plenty of
Buddhists doing that in Tibet that don't
have a single single dime okay they
can't they're not manifesting that like
like and they don't have any followers
on Twitter or anything either right like
if you want to do the thing you have to
do the you have to distill it you have
to do the most
um close version of that thing that you
can uh you you can't like do this other
stuff so
um I I I want if if you were like me and
and you were kind of attaching your
identity of like okay if I meditate more
if I Strength check more and if I do
this exercise if I write in a journal or
whatever I'm a more effective worker
that's a crutch and it was a crutch for
me and now I'm an effective worker and I
do all those things right but I do those
things uh on on my own time I do I do
that separately I don't do them when I
should be working I do them after after
a long day of work I do them on weekends
I do it whenever and as a result I'm a
healthy person but I'm an effective
person because I've I've tried to to cut
out and remove as many things as
possible for me actually getting the
work done and the only time that I spend
kind of on the business is figuring out
what those things should be doing
through these two techniques so I I hope
that you think about this a lot and just
think about
um your relationship to self-improvement
and realize that like the vast majority
of these people that are telling you to
do these huge walks and long meditations
in one routines they need content right
they just they need they need content
because it's their job to tell you to
teach you something about how to be more
effective or how to this one I never
want to get into trap of like being a
pure motivational speaker right is like
I want to have a business I want to have
something I do because I would be
seeking to give you more advice about
how to be more effective and I I keep
looking for random things like this uh
ashwagandh and herb that you take that
makes you 50 I'd have to find something
I have to have something to talk about
because I need you to buy my course
right so so keep in mind like when you
get advice from some of these figures on
uh like some of these uh personalities
their job is literally to sell you
something and to keep you in this Loop
so that you keep learning how to
self-improve yourself and what I'm
telling you is like you don't need any
of that like like you want to
disassociate well like drop your
identity with like oh I like I need this
thing to be effective dude you can eat
pizza all day and and chill and just
work and there's plenty of people that
do that like into their 50s and they're
fine right like you like the less you
identify with the less that you attach
with all these ideas
the better and also you'll be a more
effective person at the things that you
like the health related things that you
actually want to do so like if you want
to work out don't don't attach yourself
to that to be a more effective worker
work out because you genuinely want to
feel healthy in your body and you want
to feel good about yourself every day
and then you'll have the motivation to
do it if you're just if you're just
working out to be or like journaling to
be a more effective CEO or being more
effective at your work those two things
aren't linked and you won't actually see
the results of being more effective at
either of them as like as a result and
so you won't feel better right because
like again you can't meditate all day
and then expect to be a super successful
multi-millionaire or whatever so if you
want to meditate meditate because you
like the sense of calm it brings you you
like the discipline you like the
training you agree with Buddhist
philosophy whatever the right like
go for that reason don't do it because
you are meditating to be a more
effective worker you won't see the
results it won't because it doesn't make
any sense it's like if you're pouring
water on concrete expecting plants to
grow and you're like why isn't it
happening like your your mind will be
frustrated with that result because it's
not happening right so like what I'm
saying is like distill those two things
into the two separate ideas and do the
benefit of the thing because of what it
actually provides and and then put your
work separate and this is like this
de-attached from all these ideas of
these things you have to do to Be an
Effective person you are already an
effective person you're just
procrastinating uh from being that
because you're scared of what might
happen if you actually succeed so look
at that problem right instead of like
doing all these things and distractions
to try to get you to where you need to
go so that that's a that's um the
productivity stuff that's all I have to
say about that thanks bye
