okay this is a highly requested video by
multiple people this video covers
everything to know about Google bard AI
as well as chat gbt4 with browsing and
plugins this is probably the most
important video I'm going to make on the
patreon in a long time and absolutely
everybody should listen to it no matter
who you are this will be relevant to you
as AI advances this is so so important
and the information in this video is
compiled by an actual practitioner we
are using this at Novo to process
millions of requests and we're doing so
every day I'm going to show you exactly
how to set up prompts I'm going to show
you exactly how to use it with examples
and the powers of both of the platforms
furthermore I'm only going to do that on
the patreon because when I suggested the
power of Bard to people on my Discord I
more or less got laughed out of my own
Discord so um I'm bitter about that I'd
rather give this knowledge to people
that deserve it I would spend thousands
of dollars to get this information if I
didn't have it it is insane and I went
through all of YouTube and was trying to
find just a video I could link to
masterminds and to people on patreon and
say hey here this explains it nobody
does I just think there's just a bunch
of AI Bros and nobody's actually
practitioners so we're going to get into
how this actually works and I promise
this is worth your time I hope you stay
for the whole video so in order to
understand the differences and the core
differences of how to use something like
Bard and gpt4 I'm gonna go over the best
use cases for each one you have to
understand some very basic stuff about
how llms work and I did a lot of work on
this video and try to determine like the
kind of bare minimum I can prompt this
with to get you to a point where you
understand why Bard is is fundamentally
different from GPT and how to utilize
both to your advantage so understanding
llms okay and llm is a large language
model meaning that it has just processed
and understood a huge amount of text
Data okay it has gone like language
right as is what we use for everything
for conversation for blog posts and what
a large linking model does that model
has trained on content trained on a ton
of content and it actually learns in a
similar way and we call this like deep
learning it learns in a similar way that
humans do in that like let's say that
you learn that most of the time when
somebody asks a question it's followed
by a question mark okay and then you
keep that in mind or let's say that I
give you like a phrase like uh I love to
eat sandwiches my favorite sandwich is
peanut butter and and the language model
learns through contexts that jelly would
be the most likely answer to that and so
what it does is it processes millions
and billions of conversations and posts
and interactions and all sorts of things
and then it contextually figures out the
best thing to say as a result of that
right so it's essentially making
predictions every step of the way on the
most likely word that comes after the
next word and the next word and the next
word and then it adapts that to whatever
context you you put on it okay so that
is essentially what an LM is and and the
last thing I will say on it is remember
that it can generate text that looks
very human right and it looks and it's
amazing to someone who doesn't
understand how it works but it doesn't
fundamentally understand things in the
way we do it we can access this is gets
really complicated but we can access
things in ways that um are very esoteric
to a large language model that is only
trying to provide the best context
dependent thing that it can provide okay
it doesn't have any like beliefs or
opinions or or things that modify that
it's just trying to find the best
possible answer to the context that it
was given and the context is the input
or the prompt so now that you understand
that okay like that basic idea of llms
you have to understand what Bard is so
so Bard is based on a platform called
palm2 Palm 2 is a advanced reasoning AI
so GPT is trained on a certain amount of
context remember we said the loms are a
certain type of of context they're
trained on a certain type of thing but
Palm its data set is essentially
infinitely stronger and has been in
process and training for years and years
and you're like open AI came around
maybe a couple years ago when they first
started making their basic models and
they went through the first and second
iterations of GPT Google has been
working on this product for over a
decade and they have all the information
of Google at their fingertips so the you
will see in this demonstration that Bard
is a fundamentally different animal and
to underestimate it is is that your
peril it is an unbelievably powerful
machine and it's only getting crazier so
so we're now going to kind of jump into
sort of the core things to understand
um and uh I'm gonna give you some of the
overall then we're gonna start with Bard
then we're gonna go to GPT because there
are some use cases for each one of them
that are very powerful okay so let's
begin this is where like the real stuff
comes out
so the first thing to understand
is that Bard is a real-time AI what do I
mean by that so I'm just going to
demonstrate one thing to you and you'll
just be like oh this is insane okay so
let's just say go to this link
uh well like first let's go this YouTube
video I'll show you what it is okay
and they'll say this YouTube video is
a 16 minute video on lowering your
cancer risk to zero cool so I'll just
tell Bard to process that give me the
key points from it
okay so Bard is able to go to that
YouTube video Analyze That video in real
time and then figure out exactly what is
going on here if I do the same thing
with gpt4 even with browsing plugin
right
and I I just want to give it the exact
same prompt
it will try to do it and it will try to
browse the web and it will click on
links
and we'll just kind of wait for its
response
and it will outright tell you that they
just can't do that so why is this the
case right why is it that all right this
is the the fundamental difference of
these models once you understand this
you can see that Bard was able to handle
this request without absolutely any
effort and the reason is because Bard is
a is a is an AI that is fundamentally
trained on the entirety of human
knowledge and gbt is just trained on on
the context that it's in and not only
that but Bart is learning in in actual
real time so so if if Bart gets
something incorrect you'll often like if
you serve this like a YouTube video that
um it doesn't understand or it gets
something wrong you can just provide it
feedback and say no that's not correct
this is the right answer and then it
learns and and again GPT is on a limited
data set so it doesn't understand that
so if you understand that principle you
you start to understand how absolutely
insane Bart is to use we're gonna get
into some of the examples and I think by
the end of this video you'll have a
really queer idea of just how nuts it is
okay so overall
um what do I want to talk about here
well the first thing you need to know
when you are building a good prom
your input is completely dependent on
what your output is going to be okay so
so like
another way to set it is the answer you
get is basically as good as the question
you ask okay so I have set up a series
of prompts that I do at the beginning of
every serious prompt that I want to do
and these are the prompts as follows
okay
um these this applies to both so the
things I'm discussing right now to be
clear apply both to prompting gpt4 and
Bard we'll get into later where you
should when you should prompt one of
them and when you should prompt the
other one because they do have different
strengths GPT 4 still exceeds in some
places so first of all you want to do
context okay so at the beginning of a
prompt literally what you do is you say
context this outcome this you just type
it just like this like exactly what I'm
doing complexity
questions okay and so you're going to
type exactly like this at the beginning
and you're going to do two spaces and
you're going to type all of your
information okay
context is where this is what this is
like what this is outcome is what is to
be accomplished specifically what you
are trying to get out of this I am
trying to get more YouTube followers I
am trying to get build a successful
business that makes five thousand
dollars a month in all of this
specificity is always better more
specificity is always better tone and
style is the response that you want I
want um a level of seriousness I would
like this to be very engaging I would
like this to be historical I would like
this to be in the tone of Albert
Einstein only or I want you to talk only
like Kermit the Frog or rhyme like Yoda
right that's the tone and style
complexity is the level of Education
that you want it to present so in some
things like a blog post or a Twitter
post you actually want the education
level to be quite low like grade level
like four to ten or whatever maximum
right versus a complex question like
research you actually want the education
level to be quite high if you don't uh
specify this then GPT will just assume
um a sort of a moderate variable and so
the complexity can be important and then
very importantly you want to ask it
before you begin your prompting you want
to say you want to you right you have
all of your information here this is
going to be a couple of paragraphs of
what you're looking for and then you're
going to say questions here so
um you're gonna say
you could do two things so you could do
like an interview type of thing where
you could say ask the first question and
wait for my response or ask me a
question about this away from my
response that's like an interview format
or you can do what I suggest which is
the second thing which is uh I had an
error in my notes here but the thing I
want to actually specify is say ask me
any questions right ask me any questions
related to this topic that would give a
better answer overall and you can also
say things like uh although I may not
have included some things in this
particular prompt and I may be leaving
things out fill in those blanks for me
and ask me the questions that I should
be asking you to get me the best answer
ask me that first and then we'll
continue and then what it will do is it
will prompt you with new questions so
for example if you say I'm the um so
like let's see if I can find an example
of this on like a prompt that I've done
real quick this is off script so I just
want to make sure but I just did it
pretty recently
so I just want to make sure that I found
it
see if I if I can I might not be able to
find it just now but either way you'll
have you have the information
yeah so I'm not sure where it is right
now but um in in many different
instances I did this say okay ask me the
different types of questions that you
would want to know and and explain it
okay fine so that will be key and then
um information
uh that you have and there you go so so
every prompt that you have whether
you're using Bard or whether you're
using gpt4 you start with this and if
all you learn from this video is what I
just explained you are 99.9 ahead of
almost all prompters okay
um that's it like like the vast majority
of people just don't even do this okay
now let's talk about the specifics of
each
platform these are the things that I
think will really blow your mind about
both them and what they do starting with
Bard okay so Bard
um uses iterative refining
in real time
what does that mean
it means things like
find me five articles about global
warming
and summarize them cite your sources
right it will do that done okay or find
me news articles from
date to date and then with some kind of
outcome okay that's all stuff it can do
um you can also like here's just some
real-time specific stuff that you can
also do
so let's look at like
um telling it to go somewhere like a
YouTube link like I just showed you find
every press release that ever came out
about solo RPG Survival Games compile
them and use them to inform the
following answer and then do your prompt
compile every blog post about macadamia
nuts just show something random and use
it to inform the following answer then
do your prompt go to this specific link
review the YouTube video give me the key
points right so these are things that
are just not possible to do with GPT
again because if you understand the way
that LMS work not to get too off topic
but GPT as a browser plug-in what it's
doing is it's going to the web page it's
feeding that back into to to GPT and
then GPT is trying to interpret the
result but Bard is is already Bart
understands it it's an advanced
reasoning llm so it actually understands
what you're doing and understands the
context of that within its own knowledge
it's it's thinking in a way about that
in a way that fundamentally GPT browser
will not be able to do probably until
the next iteration of like gpt5 okay so
you could be real-time task specific
there are also commands that that
specifically work with Bard you can ask
Bard for its list of commands but I'll
give you a few that are really useful
here site sources is a command so
whenever you say the word site sources
or command site sources it will then
cite all the places that it has found
that information from you could also say
search so search for search for this
search for this it will go and use the
internet to go search for that you can
also use tell me more and that will also
go in search internet and find things
okay you could also provide Bard with
links to relevant websites posts or
anything really
that informs your um
uh your question better so you can go up
here and you can say something like um
and your prompts you can say uh
resources for you to use or you could
say
um
sources for you to use or research for
you to use before you to better answer
my question and then just provide it
with a bunch of links and it will figure
it all out and then finally and probably
most importantly and this is something
you can do very well with GPT and
something that I don't think a lot of
people understand as the power of Bard
is you can provide it real-time feedback
so if Bard gives you an incorrect answer
uh and this is something that I think
that most people are leaving out
um Bard will take your feedback think
about it and then correct itself so if
Bard hallucinates so for example
sometimes you'll ask it to go to a
YouTube video and it will just spit you
a random answer you don't just take that
and for that reason a lot of people
think that oh Bard sucks like it
hallucinates a lot but if you know the
answer isn't right you just go and you
say fact check that again that's not the
correct answer the correct answer is
this confirm that verify it and then do
the task again and it will do it so for
example in in testing for this video
I've told it to go to several YouTube
links that it was unable to process it
said it just gave out a random video and
I said no no check the link again go
back and figure that out and tell me
what it is and it's like oh sorry okay
and here it is and and for that matter
Bard is so nuts that that specific error
may even be fixed by the time of this
filming because there is an enormous
amount of feedback going through the llm
so other people that are trying to do
that task it will actually get better at
doing it and we won't have those
problems whereas GPT will have to update
its entire higher model to be able to
solve those problems so so providing
feedback to Bart is critical is one of
the things that I think um will lead you
to get very good prompts but the things
that we're using barred for with the
novo uh is current up-to-date research
we're looking at news we're looking at
happenings we're looking to compile data
on influencers looking to compile data
on on like happenings in the social
media space or things like that
basically anything you can think of with
like a recent time frame is very
valuable you could use it to analyze
competition you could use it to analyze
moves that people are doing in your area
there should be a lot of ways after you
understand the prompting and the sort of
recent
umness of of Bard there should be a lot
of ways to use it so any recent task you
should prioritize Bard okay then what
are the types of things that you should
prioritize GPT for so gpt4 can still
give quite a bit of valuable answers the
prompting is the same
um you want to be specifically you want
to use these these categories but uh
it's actually it actually can be quite
different one of the things it has is
temperature settings I'm assuming that
you're an open AI subscriber so you have
access to web browsing you have access
to
um if you don't know how to do this just
go to your settings
hopefully this doesn't I I actually
don't know like if it'll provide some
like
information let me just like see if it
does over here on the screen
so just go to your yeah it doesn't so
just go to your settings and then you'll
see beta features just turn on web
browsing and plugins if you pay for open
AI you'll have access to this so just
click those two buttons and then you'll
have access to those we'll go over the
power of those in just a second and boom
you have temperature so temperature is
an is a function from zero to one where
one is uh more random and zero is more
deterministic so if you go edit it
you'll see it's a little like bar you
can turn back and forth so I suggest
that you use more random outputs for
creativity so you want to get that
number closer to one if you're looking
for like creative results you want to
get that closer to zero if you are
looking for more deterministic answers
like math equations or answers that are
historical things that you want to get
absolutely accurate where you don't want
it to like
um kind of expand on right like more
creativity and more Randomness is
favored in stuff like um
uh like closer to number one okay
um and then uh the other thing that GPT
does very well and this is because
openai has set a preference for this as
role playing I think the GPT this is
actually gpt's like real strength if I'd
say like this is why I have a
subscription to GPT it's um it's this so
GPT can handle Advanced role-playing and
arguments such as you are X expert you
are an expert on nuclear energy you are
an expert on gardening you're an expert
on whatever you're the master marketer
David oglee you're the master marketer
Jay Abram you are the YouTuber PewDiePie
it will it will actually embody all of
these roles and the um Sam Altman has
stated in several different podcasts
that the actual weight of gpt4 on role
playing is really important you can also
do things like you have three different
people let's say you have a Libertarian
a Democrat and a Republican and you're
going to argue this perspective provide
me Arguments for each perspective argue
as these three people in a conversation
go back and forth
um keep your uh don't worry about token
length and increase your responses just
instead of ending your response just say
I'll just say more if you cut yourself
off and I'll just say more that's
important like if you have a limit to
your tokens then GPT will actually cut
your responses to shorter than they
should be and it won't expand so you
have to tell it specifically hey
um you can keep going at the if at the
end that you cut out you run out of
tokens just keep going I'll say more and
then just tell it that and you can
continue the conversation so role
playing is really effective it's like
hey you're an expert Graphics designer
okay I'm building a logo for my business
you are now helping advise me you always
want to have something that's playing a
role as with GPT for because it's quite
powerful at taking those roles and that
helps it sort of uh specify its data set
to know the context of what you're in so
I'll just put that in the context
section up here
uh above your outcome okay and then next
thing to understand that's actually
quite cool is plugins so plugins are a
feature that was released a couple of
days ago and they're actually quite
powerful
um you you just go up to gbt4 you'll see
the browsing beta and the plugins beta
you'll click the plugins button and it
will activate plugins you'll go to you
can go down here you go to plug and
store and it will pull up a list of the
uh plugins that are all free that you
can use and I'm just going to give you a
couple that I have found to be really
powerful
um this is just my personal account uh
and I have a Novo account that I use so
the plugins are mostly on there but I do
use some plugins on this personal
account as well so plugins are actually
super cool I think they're a pretty big
advantage over Bard right now
um the first one I I use is image search
image search will actually just do what
it says and and basically search for any
image with a command
um also scholar AI is a study and
peer-reviewed research tool that will
give you up-to-date data and cite the
sources from peer-reviewed medical
journals or peer-reviewed studies or
things like that very very good if
you're doing any kind of like research
or work
um Biz talk is really neat that is a
current events news and finance plugin
that actually works quite well and then
one that I've been playing around with
is there's an AI for that that's
actually the name of the plugin in the
store and what it does is you can ask
GPT with the plugin enabled which it'll
just come down to like this prompt right
here you can actually ask it what AI
should I be using for this specific task
and it will actually use this plugin to
go through the entire database of
various AIS like perplexity.ai it's like
a research thing or like any of the or
like um like read.ai which is like a
note-taking thing it'll actually give
you a good answer so that's actually an
awesome plugin to increase your uh
kind of total exposure to AI
um browsing sucks the browsing source is
not worth using if you need to get
anything from current events use Bard
you're now uh equipped with the
resources to do that so and that's I
think that's pretty much it
um it's actually like pretty
straightforward this is essentially the
ways that we are like the ways that we
are using
Bard and Novo right and chat gbt right
now are like just so we're just using it
for so many different things so what I
hope you can do is you can take this
template and you can you can start to
figure out like okay I'm trying to build
a logo for my business or I'm trying to
learn about what products I should sell
for my business and then you can put
that that's your context it's like my
outcome is to like make a business
that's going to make like three thousand
dollars a month off of products that are
sold on Etsy and then your tone in style
is like I want it to be cute I want it
to be fun I want it to be engaging and
then your complexity is like I want
these to be like pretty simple answers I
don't like really need a lot of
complexity ask me the questions I need
to know to build this business the best
part right there's an answer right there
all right try to expand my business
right I'm currently making ten thousand
dollars a month I want to be making 50.
so these are all different things you
can use
um I hope that I've equipped you well
enough to use both Bard and GPT to the
current extent that I'm using it uh
again I just haven't found a lot of good
resources on this so hopefully mine
serves that purpose thank you everyone
buddy for watching this video and I will
update this again once I have used this
more and I I have more context to how to
better prompt it
um I would leave you with just the idea
that being as specific as possible about
what you need uh this requires a degree
of creativity that that I do think will
take the form of some employment later
like there will be jobs that for prompt
Engineers because they'll be able to
specify these questions and to the
extent that you could do this your
outputs are essentially infinitely
valuable
um especially on Bard so then I guess
the last thing I'll leave you with is I
would encourage you to change your home
page to either bard.google.com or
chat.openi.com whatever your preferences
and just use this
um I I've gone on a a 30 day as a time
of this recording I've gotten a 30-day
um just break just from Twitter and I
just I I installed an extension called
Time Warp which just redirects Twitter
to open AI so that I'm just forced to
use something and understand it instead
of consuming it and so there's result
this video has really just come from the
result of a lot of research and hundreds
of tons of prompts so you kind of gotta
have to put in the work like anything
else right and I hope this helps a lot
let me know what you think thank you
everybody for coming out for this and
I'll see you again next time bye
