all right so one of the questions i get
all the time is how do i start a
business and one of the key things about
starting a business is how do i fund a
business and that's what we're going to
be talking about today how to fund
businesses i'm going to give you all of
my favorite ways to fund businesses the
ones i think are realistic and this
video will apply to whether you are a
small person trying to do just like a
self-employment thing you want to be a
content creator or a brand or you want
to start a small business with a couple
of employees all the way up to if you're
going to try to go for like starting a
multi-million dollar business i've done
most of the things that i'm going to do
in this list so i think i should be able
to help out quite a bit so let's get
started all right so the very first way
to fund a business i'm just going to
start with the most obvious one we'll
call it vc or investor vc stands for
venture capital these are funds
dedicated to funding businesses
typically out of silicon valley but not
always these days that's more global
than that and this will usually be for
what we call a raise so that means
you're raising money right and around
means a
single round of investments so typically
a round of investment is divided into
pre-seed which is um before the company
starts and then series a
which is after the company starts
and then there's b c d etc rounds okay
so each round precede is around series a
is around bcd is around et cetera and
each one of these represents separate
raising opportunities and usually
separate equity distributions so funds
dedicated to funding businesses these
typically start in the range of one
million typically a vc won't talk to you
unless you have an idea that you think
is worth a million dollars or more and
it can go up a ton um typical raises or
anywhere between like one to
50 to 100 billion dollars can be larger
if you're doing like a billion dollar
business or something crazy thing like
that especially in like later series
rounds when you can justify what's
called the valuation the valuation of
your business is what you think it's
worth and what other people think it's
worth the real definition of evaluation
of a business is what people are willing
to pay for it okay so vc investor is
almost always what people think to go to
so like when you think about starting a
business you think like i'm gonna go
pitch this to funds or i'm gonna go
pitch this to investors especially if
you think it's a multi-million dollar
business this is actually my least
favorite way of raising money and
there's a couple reasons for this um
one is because vcs are
notoriously brutal with their term with
their terms they will typically take
away a lot of your rights as an owner um
they can take away all of them if you're
not smart and the first time i sold a
company
to a large vc firm i um ran into a lot
of problems contractually where we lost
a lot of our rights as owners and you
will just not know even if you have good
merger and acquisition help you will
just not know like how vcs will mess
with you until you've done this a few
times so i don't recommend vc especially
for your first business and i'm gonna go
into some of the other options uh below
if you do end up doing vc or you're
listening to this video because you want
to get vc one of my suggestions is to go
with a niche vc so for example if you're
starting a marketplace or a platform
there are marketplace or platform based
vcs who are much more likely to like
like align with you than if you go for
like um one of the random like silicon
valley vcs and those are the ones i
would approach first and talk to now
make sure that you have a good pitch
deck before you approach these people i
always like to burn
vcs will always give you feedbacks one
of the great reasons to go to vcs and if
you even if you don't intend to go to
vcs you could always pitch them their
idea and if you can get in front of them
they'll give you good feedback
you want to always try to burn out some
of the investors that you know are not
going to invest in your stuff anyway to
get that feedback first before you go to
like your a tier people and i could do a
whole nother video on like vc and i
probably should but i'm just going to
stop it there um just just because this
is a overview video of funding okay so
um the second uh pretty uh obvious way
is like banking loans
for some reason this is not
as
popular anymore as it used to be but
banks and loans can actually give you
really great deals especially now when
interest rates as the time of this
filming are are low or non-existent you
may be able to get a large loan for your
business at a small percentage i mean
like one to three percent if your credit
is good or your idea is good and you
pitch a bank in very much the same way
that you would pitch a vc except that
banks have
are typically much easier to sell than
vcs because the they are not using all
their own money right they have
fractional reserve lending so they
get more out of their money than um vcs
do so typically uh banks are
more willing to lend money uh and also
there's just a wider range of them so
you can go to credit unions you can go
to banks you can go to independent loans
which are also um an option
and um i like banks and loans it's not
my favorite stuff that i'll be sharing
later but i think banks and loans are
something you can definitely consider
the um it's it's worth it to bring your
idea to a bank again to get feedback and
to get a loan even and let me just like
uh let me just like say here a lot of
people are going to think that some of
these suggestions like banks and loans
don't apply to them even if you're
self-employed or an individual person
you could be surprised what you might
get out of these and i'm going to give
you the next section to kind of like
exemplify this point and that's sba
government and grants so these are this
is a category of anybody any kind of
funding that would fall under this sba
is called the small business um
association which is a um government
in the united states as a government
funded um
group that that helps small businesses
out government um especially local and
federal right
um
and grants which are usually federal but
sometimes locally um just offered things
for uh money available for certain
products so for example green energy
like if you're doing something in green
energy there might be a grant for um
your company to just literally be given
money or be uh have tax breaks or
discounts on your office space things
like that do not underestimate the
amount of grants like local federal like
grants it's always worth looking into
this no matter what size your business
is and no matter who you are like even
if you're like a brand or you wouldn't
expect it
going to talk to the sba is like always
worth your time i've been surprised
actually novo for example being a
creative media agency has gotten some
benefits from the small business
association and actually has also gotten
grants for doing certain things so
there's there's a lot of money to be had
here and it's in and also the government
grants and loans are typically the very
best in class for
um their their rates uh you can you they
just give you money and then forget
about it or they give you absurdly low
interest rates because the government
they have tons of money and they just
want businesses to succeed
um we tend to think in america that
business that the government doesn't
like small business and like the
entirety of the tax code and the
entirety of like the nation is built on
small businesses this is why for example
you can write off a lot of your taxes uh
the tax code is built for small
businesses to thrive it's part of like
what the engine of america is but
despite that we don't think of going to
the government um to to to talk to them
about like how they can help do how they
can help with small businesses i would
encourage you to go local as well um
particularly if you like you can talk to
your county or counties around you uh
like for example we're currently in the
process of moving our agency i run an
agency called novo and we might be
moving that to a more tax advantaged
place and we're contacting all the local
like
counties there just to see if they can
give us a discount on office space or
like what they can do um a lot of people
just don't think to ask this question
and they don't realize like the power
behind it so again i could do a video
about every one of these separate
categories but it's gonna run even
longer than a devin nash video normally
would so we're just doing an overview
here and even so i've given you a couple
of options um these are not like my
favorite options we're gonna get to
those in a minute so the next option is
friends and family
friends and family just means that you
go around and you pitch people your
business idea and get them to give you
money and so typically you'd want to
have something similar to like what
you'd have set up for a bank or a vc if
you're going to go pitch your dad um
in fact like one of the i've never told
the story i think but one of the very
first things i ever did was i went to my
parents and i had like a business plan
and it was a business plan for my twitch
stream this is back in like 2011 okay
and i wanted i don't know what it was i
wanted like ten thousand dollars or
something to start it and you know do
like content production like get a few
people and uh they rejected it
but uh
actually having that business plan was
super beneficial because uh the same
year i ended up going to pax west which
is a gamer convention and i flagged down
the first person in a purple shirt from
working for twitch staff that i i could
and i handed them this business plan and
said hey if you partner me um you know i
didn't ask them for 10k but i said you
know hey i changed the business plan so
like i wanted a partnership because i
thought that was a really good way to
earn money at the time
and they were so surprised that a
streamer had sent them
that had given them a business plan that
they partnered with me on the spot this
was a guy named john howe who later
became the head of partnerships for
twitch and i had a great relationship
with and like we did a ton of work
together when i was in esports so you
never know where the stuff can go so
having like a solid business plan um can
be amazing for friends and family and
you can raise all your money this way
like you'd never need to go get any
money from anybody in uh vc or bank
loans or anything like if um typically
businesses especially now that they're
augmented by platforms or um
uh or just services that make it easier
to start businesses they don't need a
lot of startup capital so you know if
you want somewhere between like 10 to
100k to start your business i think it's
plenty for 99.9 percent of businesses um
you can go friends of family and this is
like a great option okay and we're going
to get into my favorite stuff now
some of the awesome ways i think to fund
businesses the uh the first way is
literally just organically
okay so this is kind of gonna come from
a surprise but this is how i prefer to
run all my businesses um i have never
raised money
precede to start a business i always
raise money afterwards so um that's
because i really like equity
i i like owning my portions of my
business but i don't like to give equity
away early this is just like kind of a
personal way that i choose to run
businesses i don't like doing that
because
um if
investors get in on your valuation early
they typically reap most of the benefit
of you building the company right so if
i sell 40 of my company at a pre-seed
valuation of 10 million dollars and then
my company goes to 500 million dollars
i've lost 40 percent of the upside of
that entire transition throughout the
entire time i've worked there and that
feels a little bit too much like having
a job for me so i don't like doing that
i love building business organically
i've built nova was built organically we
just sat down and did it right and um it
didn't cost anything because the way
that you what i love about organic
business the most is that you have to
find a way to justify every dollar you
put into the business and it has to make
more than that dollar cost does that
make sense whereas so many times that
i've advised a business or i've seen a
business start they start with a
pre-seed round they have one million
dollars or five million dollars or 10
million dollars they have no idea what
to do with it they start hiring a ton of
people they spend money everywhere and
the business collapses because there's
no justification for making that money
this is one of the things we're seeing
in esports a ton which is like all these
businesses are just burning out because
number one i mean esports doesn't make
any money for the money that gets put
into it but also number two and probably
more importantly none of these business
owners have dealt with that kind of
money so if you haven't dealt with a
cash flow of like 500 000 a month in
expenditures you have no idea how to
make that money don't take a paycheck
from a vc that's going to give you that
money because you won't know what to do
with it and your business will fail um
there's some word for this it's like
like failure by success or something
somebody in the comments section can
probably tell me like what it is but um
this is a big deal like um i
for example like i okay so like i'm
trying to think like the most amount of
money i i think i ran a business that
did about 400 000
in costs per month and we were making
plenty of money on top of that so if you
put me right now
in front of a business that made that
spent five million dollars a month i
don't think i'd know how to run it okay
and likewise like if you
have only run ten thousand dollars a
month in expenses like you probably
shouldn't be taking
a opportunity where you're gonna have to
now figure out how to spend you know
fifty thousand five hundred thousand a
month
so
scaling your business organically is
great because you learn all the steps
and i think is the absolute best way to
do business um besides the what the next
one i'm gonna tell you i think is the
last one and that is um what i think a
lot of people sleep on and that is
crowdfunding
oh man do i love crowdfunding so there's
a couple of ways to do crowdfunding and
it really depends on the scale of your
business so if you are small or a
content creator or like a brand you
should use patreon or something like it
patreon takes eight percent you get 92
percent of your income and crowdfunding
is one of those amazing things where
there's really no reason not to do it
crowdfunding is such an incredible
concept because not only are you funding
your business but you're also building
the audience so you're you're building a
user base right um
the for the vast majority of businesses
crowdfunding is the way to go if you're
not going to build it organically and
even if you are gonna build it because
you get all the benefit of doing things
organically with crowdfunding too um
because like you get your money but also
you have to figure out like each step to
earn it because you also have to justify
to an audience why it's worth it and if
you can sell an audience on why to give
you money you can sell the audience on
the product itself this works for the
vast majority of businesses usually the
only people that need to consider like
vc or investing is you're doing some
crazy product like heavy r d type stuff
but if you um if you're doing
crowdfunding this works for a lot of
things so small content creators and
brands or self-employed uh they can be
on patreon and start something there you
would want to build like three to five
tiers where you would justify where that
value is coming from you can look at my
patreon which has i've thought a lot
about and how i approach it from a brand
perspective um you can also look at
other patreons of the space and like you
know go find five or six of your like
favorite patreon creators and just go
see like what they're doing um my
patreon is
patreon.comnash which if you'd like
these type of videos you could support
it for five bucks we do like videos like
this all the time and there's like 40 or
50 videos on there as of the time of
this um that uh are super good so small
content creators brand self-employed
patreon uh type stuff is that's for like
smaller businesses patreon won't support
obviously if you're doing like
expenditures of like 50 000 a month like
that that's gonna require something a
little bit more crazy and then we're
looking at something like indiegogo or
kickstarter if you're trying to raise um
you know anywhere between i would say
50 000 to like 5 million dollars then
that is going to be where you want to
start
indiegogo and kickstarter are super cool
because
it requires you to think through your
marketing resources before you start and
and what i mean by that is like you will
need to build the videos the case
studies the resources that prove out why
your business is going to make sense and
then that will make your business make
sense so that's one of the reasons i
love crowdfunding is because you'll
you'll
you should you let
the arena
judge
what your idea
its worth is versus just
like just because it's a vc
or or just because it's a bank right
they may fund your idea but your idea
may be bad and then you fail and it's
real real hard especially if it's your
first failure to and you haven't had a
success to go get funded again now
people do like there's been people that
go through y combinator or whatnot um
like multiple times just somehow they
know somebody or they're just like
pitching ideas they know that there's
like a certain
uh cadence to vc in investing that um
you can you can get into that where you
can kind of like talk their language
and they invest in stuff over and over
again but if you've had a failure it
gets harder so crowdfunding is great
because maybe you think your idea is
great but you need a verified user base
and by the way this is a very small side
but i think it's like really valuable
one of the best ways to test ideas but
like when you're starting a business
even before you go into the funding
stage is throw like 250 to 500
at google adwords and use the keywords
that are related to your business and
sell your product or or drive people to
a landing page as if you were selling
your product so for example let's say
that i'm selling uh these um
these uh nalgene uh bottles no
sponsorship but
i'm selling these okay
um before i have the product done or r
indeed i could just do a landing page
that talks about the water bottles and
has a email list to find out more so the
button is here click here to find out
more and then i i literally just drive
people via google adwords to that page
and i look at the click-through rates
and i look at how many people sign up
for emails and then i take every 100
people and i look for like a two to four
percent conversion rate on that so two
to four people sign up on on email um
and uh out of the 100 people that each
100 people that add drives to i know i
probably have some traction if nobody
signs up for it or the feedback is bad
then i know that i my idea might be bad
and i have to go back to the drawing
board and i i can't tell you um
how we we had an idea
actually uh i'll just yeah let's tell a
story i think it's long enough a lot of
stories in this video i've never told
before but this will be a cool story so
novo actually originally wasn't a
creative agency novo originally was a
platform that was supposed to link
influencers and brands together so we
wanted to build a automated technology
system where you could basically go to a
website and you could click i'm a brand
or i'm an influencer and then a there
would be a rating system there'd
basically be a marketplace to select
influencers from and brands and
influencers can connect together so we
took that we thought this was a great
idea i thought it was a really good idea
and you might think it's a great idea
just listening to it right now so we
took that to vcs and man we got blown
out of the water dude we got absolutely
booty blasted it was brutal how hard the
vcs went on us and
it's just it ended up being there's so
many problems with the business idea but
beyond that there were also several
funded businesses that had already
done this and there's just like you go
you can just go um out into google and
you can just go like i uh influencer
marketplace and you'll just find like
500 billion ideas like this like there's
more popping up every day and they're
all bad
now um
you look at like a business like stream
elements if you're familiar with that or
or stream labs these are companies that
started off providing resources for
streamers on websites like twitch and
then later on they did things like
become a marketplace for influencers or
sell merch or things like that that's a
great idea right because they got their
user base first and
um but like this idea was like super bad
so we didn't spend a dollar
um building that product because we
ended up going for qa to
investors and banks who told us it was
bad and in the exact same way you can
you can try for a crowdfunding
opportunity you know hey this is my
kickstarter
get it out there and then find out that
your idea is bad um
likewise for for smaller people and and
just people that are self-employed
a great way to find out if your content
is bad and if you're a small content
creator your content is most likely bad
if you've been out if you've been at it
for a while patreon is a fantastic way
to do that because it there's a huge
difference in acquiring a viewer versus
acquiring a paid customer acquiring a
paid customer is an amazing thing if
somebody pays for you like to to do your
job like
like takes their hard earned capital
they're telling you that you're they're
providing you value and if you're
getting you um one of the ways to look
at this is always to look at conversion
rates so if you have a hundred people
who are watching you what percent of
those people will give you five bucks a
month to
um
do so to give you to get benefits on
patreon to get extra content or get a
newsletter or what is it
finding that out will determine
to a degree
what level of like brand or content or
self-employment that you're creating um
repeat for people that are in small
businesses this is repeat customers so
people that are coming back and they're
using your service if you're the
electrician or you're a baker or
something going back over and over again
and those being repeat customers is
usually a good way to tell but
crowdfunding can be a great way to do
that um so can you could also do friends
i mean every one of these tiers should
also serve as a qa litmus test to
knowing if your business is a good idea
if it sounds like i'm spending a lot of
time on business ideas it's because in
my experience having done a lot of angel
investing and and um not a lot but i've
done a good amount of angel investing
most ideas are dog
most ideas are super bad and the vast
majority of the time that a person has a
what they think is a good idea uh they
are they they believe like down to their
body and soul this idea is amazing like
man i'm
pants with underwear in them that's
going to be the most amazing idea
like i'm going to do the next facebook
or whatever it is so um the one of the
most important things about being an
entrepreneur no matter what level you're
at is introspection and being very
conscious of the um
things that other people on the outside
are telling you always right like
especially what your customers your
paying customers telling you it's
extremely important
and what your non-paying customers are
telling you is important as well there
there's a degree of um
narcissism that you have to have where
if people are giving you negative
feedback and you're a certain level like
you're just gonna be getting negative
feedback from 10 of your your customer
base kind of no matter what if you're in
business and you're and you're
widespread enough just because that's
kind of the nature of it so you have to
be able to dictate the
amount of um
negative feedback versus like the normal
amount versus like an excessive amount
where you have to pay attention that's
probably a topic for another video so
out of all these this is kind of the
basic overview of funding and um i might
do some future videos about like just
talking about like uh some of the more
specifics of these particularly if you
leave a like a comment and you just want
to see some of this stuff flushed out or
you want to see a video follow up to
this uh i hope this has been like a
really helpful overview and i would
encourage everybody to try these options
because um you may you never know what
you can get maybe you just get a grant
that solves your whole problem and you
didn't have to pay a dime for it like i
just seen that happen a ton of times and
you miss every shot you don't take so i
hope this is a good video if you like
videos like this please let me know um
you can come to my discord discord.gd
devon and check check out our channel we
have a very active community there of
like fellow entrepreneurs and people
that are interested in growing and doing
side hustles and things like that or
primary hustles so if you liked this
video let me know i read the comments
thank you very much for your time and
i'll see you again next time bye
