hey what's up so this is one of those
kind of like high value business things
for people running businesses but
probably has relevance to anybody
here we go so this is a concept called
core audience acquisition okay so core
audience
acquisition
uh means
understanding
when you are trying to build a product
or you're trying to build a service or
you're trying to build like a content
plan or something like that um
coordinates acquisition is the sort of
thing to understand about this i was
sort of inspired by this
because one of i was trying to like do a
tweet in a response to
um hoaglaw who
had like this question he made this
tweet and now of course um
i'm trying to find it okay here it is so
he asked the question anyone else
noticing youtube commentators are
getting increasingly agitated getting a
lot of are you even a real lawyer why
are you talking about this uh a function
of season goal disposition growing size
of channel so what's actually happening
here is the core audience acquisition
problem so let's draw like a central
circle here okay and the and this this
circle here this represents your total
audience okay
um now within this circle we're gonna
draw um some slightly smaller circles
and i'm gonna draw this circle okay
um
or i'm gonna draw this circle here
and it's not gonna be perfect and it's
going to like kind of like be an oval or
whatever i'm going to draw this circle
here okay and then i'm going to draw
like this circle here and then we're
going to like color these differently so
for example like here like this one's
going to be like red and then this one
right here is going to be um like less
red was put as like a nice little pink
this will be blue and then this one will
be green okay and
that and then there you go so
what this is um so we're gonna just kind
of explain like each one of these um
sections okay so what's happening to
hoeg law here is that whenever you start
a a channel or you start selling a
product or whatever the the people that
adopt your product are going to be in
this green circle okay and so the the
green circle um is it or so we need to
like lower this
here so like the green circle is always
going to be
um
your core audience okay so your core
audience is the people that know like
and trust you that are going to buy
basically anything that you um put out
um like your core like the way that i
think about core audience and marketing
is like these are the people that are
like super super dedicated to what you
do they really really believe in it so
um
a lot of these are these are people who
have paid for something for you before
either because they support you or
because they've bought a product from
you or something like that like you're
but the people that have paid for
something from you not do not
necessarily denote your core audience so
for example like um if a person walks
into hot topic and buys a dragon ball z
shirt they aren't necessarily like a
akira toriyama fan that's buying every
manga and is like caught up on what's
happening in dragon ball super right
you see what i'm saying like like um but
they may just be a person who likes goku
okay and so that would like put them out
in like more of this like pink category
um
and so but just understand the green
category like that's a good analogy will
go with that is like the person that
reads the manga the person that supports
every product the person that has goku
figurines the person that like named
their their child vegeta okay it's like
that's your core audience and like in a
content creator right the core audience
is like people who have like really
consistently supported that person or
like believe enough to like support that
person financially like probably on a
monthly basis so like in my case anybody
that is on patreon um is is is a core
audience right is a person that there
are people that are believing enough in
what i'm doing that has provided them
value and and so um with your core
audience of people you
always want to be striving to make sure
as we go out that these green people are
getting the most possible value that
they can get um you want to be
addressing that their their needs and
understanding first and and so the green
circle is like you better understand the
demographic of those people um you
better know exactly who you're talking
to and you should know what they're
looking for okay so using like myself
for example um i know that people are
here for high value content creation
advice high value business advice high
value lifestyle advice and they like
they really want like no nonsense like
there's a lot of content creators out
there just giving you kind of like drab
 but like i want to like take
the time to do it very tactical things
like this breakdown so that you can
apply this to your business or your
entrepreneurship or your life in some
way and i i don't want any of that stuff
to be filler right and that's what
people expect from me so every single
thing that i do from here is going to be
with that filter in mind just so because
i want to address this core audience in
that way in a way that they're always
satisfied okay and then once i feel like
i'm doing that we can move out to what i
would call in blue which is going to be
the secondary audience okay
so secondary audience is
um
or we'll just put blue cert we'll keep
consistent here blue circle equals
secondary audience
so your secondary audience is generally
people who have paid for something
before um
i i would classify a secondary audience
as people who have paid for something
before but aren't necessarily like don't
particularly have any brand loyalty like
maybe they bought your product or your
service because they thought that you
had um greater quality maybe you were
top listed on a review on amazon
reasons like that but they're not like
people like in your audience where it's
like i'm gonna buy a toyota every single
time they're like i bought the i bought
a subaru because i
um think the car is reliable it was in
my price range but i'm not like i'm not
like a hardcore like subaru i'm gonna
buy like every super car right so they
still have made a decision to purchase
from you but they they haven't made that
decision in in the case of like and um
generally speaking um
secondary people
will become
members of your core community and your
core audience on their own if you're
providing value to
your core audience so i don't really
worry about marketing to the blue circle
at all and uh in a content creation
sense
if somebody has subscribed to me
on twitch or something um and they
haven't like particularly dedicated to
like supporting the patreon or whatever
i don't really sweat that i'm not really
going to target that person individually
for my business on most cases if they
bought a product from me i'm not
necessarily going to go like back and
like hit that person up all the time
because if i'm providing value to my
core audience then i will i will convert
those people normally right so i i don't
want to like put extra work into um that
for that reason if that makes sense and
in the same way like i think the blue
circle can kind of safely be ignored
appreciated but ignored and then if they
want to convert into like the core
audience then that's fine as long as
those price points are somewhere okay
so then um going a little bit further
out we go to what we call the tertiary
audience so this is pink circle
equals tertiary
or a third audience okay
and the pink circle means
these are people who have not bought a
product of you from you they have not
committed to a financial decision but
they have
heard of you
okay um
so pink circle means
these are people who have not made a
buying decision on your product or
service but they're aware of your brand
um so the vast majority of people are
going to fall into these categories
right like like the pink circle where
you know upwards of um
out of a out of a total sort of
uh
awareness like
most people are you know 95 to 98 are
going to be people who have like maybe
heard of you but have not made a
committed buying decision um your
conversion rate is gonna be like less
than one percent out of 100 people that
hear of you that are people going to
move into the blue circle right so um
likewise with the blue circle i do not
concentrate on appealing to the pink
circle and i'll tell you i'll tell you
why if i just go to the red circle we
kind of skip to it it'll make the same
amount of sense so the red circle is um
quite literally everything else
and um people that have not heard of you
okay so
no one in the red circle's ever heard of
you
and uh or or they've heard i i i'll
actually say like yeah that's a
distinction it's like nobody's ever
heard of you so
in marketing
i focus completely on the red circle and
the green circle okay and everything in
between i'm gonna i'm gonna leave out
and that is because um if i understand
what is called my value proposition
which means
how do i provide
value to people
then i am targeting
at both this level here
right sorry in the brush
and also this level here
so as long as i understand my individual
value proposition which is if you come
to me you get high value business
lifestyle entrepreneurship and also just
gaming and digital media insight that
you cannot get anywhere else and i will
invest a lot of time and resources into
making sure that happens that i'm one of
the like forefront digital marketing
people that there is right and i'm
competing or i will be competing within
like two to five years with like the
likes of like gary vaynerchuk and level
of that sort of person that's the value
that i'm looking to provide okay so um
by what i'm doing is i'm speaking to
this core audience right here by doing
the vast majority of those things but
i'm also outreaching to these people
with that same value proposition so the
core audience um i sp the platform might
change in the way that i though the way
that i speak to the audience but the
core concept is the same so for example
um my my outer funnel to get red into
pink um
is
because i'm i'm i'm less concerned with
people going in from pink to blue this
is going to vary basically but the
important part is like i want to teach
you this concept so that you can draw
the circle for yourself and determine
where these people sit um like for you
the green circle may be everyone who
subscribes to you on twitch or it may be
everyone who buys your monthly service
or maybe everyone who um
does a certain action right and i'm just
describing myself so that you get that
in context so my red circle is like
people that come in from youtube people
that come in from twitter and people
that like
move into the pink circle by following
something that i do or by activating
with me in some way okay i'm less
concerned with getting people to buying
decisions this is this is going to be a
different thing than many of you because
many of you are are monetizing as your
core business keep in mind that i have
an agency right so it matters less to me
if somebody moves from the pink circle
to the blue circle and matters more if
i'm providing value my my brand is a
secondary thing so i'm i'm not selling
the patreon as like my end goal it's
phenomenal if people choose to come here
but i would assume they do so because
they choose to support the stream
because they believe in it excuse me
it's forced a habit they choose they
choose to support me because of uh they
believe in it or because they're genuine
they get enough value they didn't want
to pay that kind of money to be here
okay so but my core interest is in
moving these red people um down the
circle into the pink circle where they
have heard of me and they're getting
value from those things because when i
make a video like a dmca video right i
want as many people to know about that
video as possible so they can make
informed decisions about their own
businesses so
it's more of an exposure proposition for
me however the thing to the thing that i
want to convey is that the method that i
do to actually
utilize that technique is a um
it is the same so the value proposition
at a at this tier here on in red is the
same as it is here in the in the green
tier um it's just differently presented
on youtube i might do a video about this
like sort of more widespread about like
what's happening with like one percent
streamers or something
but on patreon i'll do a video about
core audience acquisition which um would
never reach youtube because this would
be vastly irrelevant to to the majority
of people but it it you see it sets up
the sort of situation where
people will have come in because they
they got that generalized knowledge that
was still very valuable
in its context on on the outer ring of
this platform but um will come in and
get a video like this which should if
you're running any kind of business or
any kind of entrepreneur will provide
objective value about how to think about
your audience be um but the the format
and the value proposition is still the
same does that make sense the value
proposition is high quality business
digital media industry content right
that that you you you cannot get in the
same way anywhere else deep analysis
things like that the value proposition
is the same in red as it is in green the
platform is different and the um the the
scope of it is different right we're
we're magnifying the deeper we get and
and so there is a
very rich reward for being a core
audience member here it's it's it's that
you you like if you are an entrepreneur
or a business person you're getting
exponentially more value than if you are
not that if you're not subscribed here
to the patreon um but
if you
um to understand to go back to to ho
law's point right now that you
understand this concept you can kind of
understand what's happening to him here
that as he started his youtube channel
basically everybody fell within this
circle they were people that were in the
core audience interested in law and as
he branched out what he has what he what
he hasn't done is accounted for how to
bring in these like red to like pink
people and he may just be speaking too
specifically to his core audience still
um and in like a business sense this
means that like your product in
particular might have been built for a
specific demographic and as it gained um
clout and as it kind of like expanded in
its scope that product wasn't as good um
to the to the new people that were
adopted and thus you have to make like
fundamental r d decisions based on
either how to make it more accessible or
um to address that problem which we see
all the time where like somebody will
release a product to like a core
audience and then as it expands it just
doesn't it just loses steam and and very
rarely do you get a service like amazon
or
um
right that like um
appeals to a huge audience and uh can be
accessible to almost everybody you have
a trillion dollar company if you solve
that core audience acquisition problem
um this is the case with gaming too look
at a game like path of exile right which
is like a very specific niche audience
where
um
the particular people who play path of
exile are are very dedicated in a core
audience and i i would say that grinding
your games the developer of path of
exile understands pretty well how to
address that audience right um
but caveat but um
that's that certainly doesn't appeal
to
the people who are here or here
and it really is just like that's just a
green and blue game right like they're
like the the red audience is almost
uninteresting the path of exile the new
player acquisition same with things like
eve online or things like that now take
a game like um world of warcraft right
and their whole game is the is is the
red like their whole game is si is
getting people in the pink circle that
have heard of them to move to pain
subscribers so so it's it's it's this
transition right so you see what i mean
so like um a game like path of exile is
just
literally just focusing here in this
acquisition and you as a business owner
you can sit in the green circle and only
appeal to a core audience and just bring
people occasionally in and if you're a
high-powered person like let's say
you're a consultant that makes 500 an
hour well you don't need many people in
your core audience to build a successful
business right
making 100 to 200k a year is realistic
with like a a total client pool of like
less than 100 people right um because
each one of those people will pay you
enough to justify it so so you don't
necess so there are many successful
businesses that operate without ever
hitting this red circle there are many
there are many successful businesses
that operate without ever hitting the um
without ever hitting these outside
circles and
um
like understanding how that works for
your business or your service is really
important and and like and like starting
your core value proposition it's like
okay for a person who is going to watch
every single thing i do how do i
continue to provide that person value at
a level that is like acceptable to that
person it's like a good question to ask
that allows you to like branch out this
is like this the simon sinek concept of
start with why right like okay why am i
doing this like why am i producing this
that value prop gets solved in this like
green circle here and there's other
businesses that are just totally focused
on bringing people that have never heard
of you into into that um in into the
chain and that's like
many
larger and older businesses are in this
place where like um the coca-cola or
someone like pepsi will spend billions
and billions of dollars just to
create awareness especially in like
developing countries that they just
exist so because they can then later do
like if you've ever been to like las
vegas
and you go to like caesars which owns 23
casinos in the vegas area you'll you'll
see that you cannot buy anything but the
sunny there every single vending machine
is dasani
that's the only water you can buy but
why is that well because at a high level
coca-cola has already
breached the circle and now they're just
they have so much power as a result of
like owning this this pink circle here
and there's so few people in the red
circle right that we would have to
redraw the circle and it would look like
almost like the opposite that like
coca-cola's core audience is like very
small
um
but like people that will just only
drink coca-cola they do exist right but
many many more people are in this like
pink circle becoming um
converts to the blue circle just simply
by virtue of the fact that they have
nothing else they can buy in that area
right or or or um or they or they buy
they're buying coca-cola because they
don't even realize it so
most of you don't have to think on that
level but like um for a lot of people
it'll just be like bringing the people i
think the majority of businesses sit in
this area it's like the people that have
heard of you um move into the the buying
circle and for most people trying to
make you know like less than 500k a year
that that's like where you'll sit you'll
just you won't necessarily be trying to
put people into your core audience
unless you're selling a high value
product or something that's like very
specific to a particular niche of people
um but you'll be trying to convert
people who have heard of you to pain um
to paying users which which we'll uh i
guess we'll cover in like another talk
because this whole concept is just the
marketing concept of correct was a core
audience acquisition or caa so the
um the takeaway here is to sort of draw
your own circle like this and then um
try to apply these concepts and try to
see first of all what is your value
proposition and secondly um
what am i exactly trying to do am i
trying to get people from the red who
have never heard of me to hear of me and
and and then am i trying to get people
who do have heard of me there's like a
good enough number of people that have
heard of me that are not pain uh do i
care about people paying um or am i
trying to create a central core audience
of people who are super dedicated and
that pays the bills and that is the kind
of business that i want to run providing
value to those people right you decide
but that's the fun of it okay hope you
enjoyed this and it was useful let me
know
