hello hello I want to run everyone
through a concept that has helped me a
lot in my working life and my personal
life and that is called the lab Lab is
short for laboratory laboratory where
you do research where you do something
deliberately right you're thinking about
that so I want to put everybody in the
mind space of like what the lab is we're
going to start with a definition of what
the lab is so the peer definition
of the lab is a place and time you set
up without distractions
to deliberately
improve
at your craft
so let's conceptualize this in your kind
of mind space at first so imagine that
you're setting up a place in your house
or a place where you go maybe it's a
cafe or something like that and what
you're going to do here is you're going
to eliminate all your distractions we'll
make social media you're gonna limit
everything possible and you're just
going to focus on the thing that you
need to get better at or the thing that
you need to think about or the thing
that you need to improve and we're going
to break this down step by step to kind
of explain what this is and how this can
help you so the place can be a different
a bunch of different places but I
recommend separate from any kind of
previous recreational area
um think about different non-distraction
environments so things like cafes
libraries quiet places there's a lot of
quiet places that people used to go from
like 10 to 20 years ago that nobody goes
to anymore it's like libraries are
actually great places to work because
there's never anybody in them for
example kind of cool cafes and things
like that
and for time requirement we're going to
ask for at least one hour if not two
hours
also think about in terms of place that
it's going to be high growth right
um success oriented Place ideally okay
and the deliberate practice part of this
is going to be how can I work on my
craft in a way that makes this better
so
a lot of really successful people have
different burdens of the lab and I've
had different versions of the lab as
I've kind of gone through my life so one
example of like uh just like kind of set
this up is when I ran counterwatch
gaming and that was like a 100 company I
had to kind of get out of that space to
be able to think about what the company
was going to be and so what I would do
is I'd actually go to a tea house that
barely had any customers and I would
just go in I would hand my phone to the
person that was working there and then I
would just take a uh actually one of
these I still have these I use them all
the time these uh little books and you
can buy them at like any art store or
whatever they're just like open books
with um
with just like blank pages in them I
think they have a name but uh just a
little Journal
and I would just write I would write
about the problems that I had I would
write about what I want to do to improve
things sometimes I would write about
like my life circumstances and what I
wanted to get better at and that was my
lab my lab was that two-hour session
that I'd go to probably every other
Friday where I would set up that place
and I would go write that stuff out
but there are also labs for all kinds of
other different things let me give you a
lot of really cool examples that I think
will add a lot of value to this video
um so for example for Content creators
uh agent double O who's a YouTuber who
does NBA 2K content uh I will never
understand how somebody can do
a YouTube channel for multiple years
with NBA 2K 2K content like how much is
there to talk about with basketball but
he managed to do it manages to kill it
and managed to keep growing he has a
concept that he literally calls the lab
like quote for quote and that is every
week he has a two-hour brainstorm where
with no distractions he goes into a
separate room and he only thinks about
content ideas all he thinks about is
what are the next things I could do and
so if you've uh followed the if you've
followed my videos for a while I have a
technique where you can just open a
notepad up and you can write out every
single dumb idea you have like 100 ideas
you have to like create something and uh
out of those you know some percentage is
going to be good call it ten percent
five percent whatever but even if you
have five workable ideas from an hour of
doing that that's a super productive
thing to do and that's what we mean by
this like deliver practice but it's not
just in gaming it's not just in content
creation where the lab is relevant so
many major rappers many major people
that create music they have what they
call the studio that's where them and
the musicians kind of go where they kind
of see what works and they kind of they
like have
bars that they do they they'll do like a
they'll do a verse they'll they'll try
something out they'll try and beat out
to say that sounds good that doesn't
sound right and through that that's
actually they're kind of like
deliberately creating an environment and
a place and a time where they can
dedicate to that practice and get better
and better
um fgc right fighting game communities
and gaming has this so where they have
this deliberate practice area where they
just are going to like focus on the game
and get better in fact if you play a
game
um like like any of the actual fighting
games a lot of them have these uh sort
of separate sections where you can just
go around and try out combos right
um that's that's literally called a lab
that's that's what that is you're
practicing those combos and um these are
the same for like any kind of sandbox
mode in like a game that could be
competitive so there are lots of
different ways that the web kind of
manifests for different types of
productivity but the key is these um
that I wanted to differentiate is the is
these three uh this is place this is
time and this is deliberate practice and
then I want to bring up a a concept
called resistance which is a Stephen
pressfield it's the book called The War
of Art and this is the feeling that you
get from doing any kind of deliberate or
producing activity
um
it's this feeling of
uh like stopping it's uh it's literally
resistance it's like it's it's like
imagine
trying to like push something really
heavy but mentally what resistance is if
you ever had to try to manifest
creativity deliberately and it isn't
just like on the fly if you're trying to
sit down to write for example it's
probably one of the the best examples of
resistance and they actually have a name
for it and Readiness called writer's
block writer's block is this just idea
that you just sit down you just can't
push through and put something on the
page there's actually that kind of
resistance in every single art where
you're creating something that's there
in baking it's there in art it's there
in sports and athleticism what the lab
is designed to do is to push through
that resistance so that you can create
your most important work because most
likely what you have
excuse me what you have to focus on is
probably not the um like like the actual
whatever you're doing right now like if
if you're maybe you've gone through and
your business is creating videos or your
businesses
um you know selling some kind of product
or whatever stepping away from that
business and and giving a place and time
to think about what it should be and
what direction it should go is something
that you should incorporate into your
every week practice and so the lab is
something that I think could be utilized
once a week I don't think it's something
you need to do every day
um depends on like what your position is
and like how much creative work you have
to do uh for some people are in the lab
all the time so for example like
comedians
um and and uh writers are are people
that are in the lab like when they're
working all the time they're trying to
build that Creative Energy but for them
the stuff they do outside of the lab is
more important so if you have a heavily
heavily creative job or like everything
you're doing is conceptualizing things
creatively then you'll want to start
optimizing your life outside of your
life to to support that laboratory work
that you're doing so things like obvious
things like eating well exercise beat
inspired by things and and going out and
talking to people like a lot of
comedians do their best work just
riffing off of each other in certain
circumstances and there's actually
comedy clubs that even the best train at
to try to like throw their material and
that's their lab is like their their
their lab is like partially like okay
pen and paper like let's write stuff
down like Jerry Seinfeld for example
just like writes down everything and he
has a specific pen he uses he has a
specific notepad he uses and that's and
he just does it the same every time and
in a lot of comedians like Chris Rock or
Joe Rogan will go to like dive bars or
bad comedy clubs and they'll just try to
their material out and see what works
and that's their version of the
laboratory so you have to there's so
many different jobs and so many
different types of things you can do in
this world that there is no like what
you want to do is start I'm just giving
you kind of like a broad concept to take
back to the type of work that you do or
that or that you might want to do and
build a laboratory around that you know
maybe you're trying to become the best
video game player in fighting games well
then you know you build the lab around
um deliberately learning combos maybe
you want to become the best content
creator you build a web around how do
you create the most interesting and most
compelling content maybe you want to be
maybe you want to sell like the absolute
best fitness equipment you build a web
around what the next steps of you are
doing are doing for that and how to
optimize that right so it's actually a
pretty short uh talk because I think
this is pretty straightforward but I
just wanted to give you guys that
concept and let me know what you think
thanks
