hello and happy New Year it is 2023
which means it is almost time for
everybody to be setting up resolutions
and goals that they will invariably
never complete we are here today to talk
about a framework after years and years
of research and development and actually
doing it that I have developed to help
actually complete real goals set actual
goals and complete them a framework that
I don't think I've seen anywhere else so
we're going to talk about that today and
to start it off we have our goal setting
framework and our category categories
are going to be the different areas that
you are going to focus on this year so
they're going to be personal
they're going to be relationship which
is optional
professional which is a company or
project
and health which is usually physical
and then Financial
and then mental spiritual
now here is what you get per category
now of course you can change some of
these or like make them fit but
generally speaking for most of the
people that I've worked with on this
this is the ones that fit the real
kicker here is going to be you get one
goal also called a big a big is a big
impressive goal big
you get one goal per category now a lot
of people are gonna be like whoa what
like okay so if you have most of the
people that do New Year's resolution
stuff do goal setting type of stuff
they're gonna set it up in a way where
they have four or five goals per
category if they even have categories
they're gonna have like 30 different
things to do you need to narrow down
your focus a year is not that much time
3065 days 52 weeks it's not a lot of
time you need to narrow down your focus
to having one goal per category so that
your life will be meaningfully moved
forward in those categories and we're
going to talk about how to do that so
with your one goal as your big you also
get one connected MTG this is going to
be your measure of the goal or measure
the goal it can also be the medium term
goal
and then you're gonna have two to three
daily processes and that's it
um you're gonna that's all you're gonna
have that's all you're gonna have so
we're gonna go through each category use
some examples and by the end of this you
should know 100 how to set your goals
and gonna give you some ideas of what
you can kind of go for as well as like
some of the things that I've done in the
past and are planning to do in the
future I am going to be coming out with
a video on some of my content strategies
so part of that will be informed by this
all right so let's start off with
personal so personal is something that
you've identified
um something you've identified that you
want to
add or remove from your life
for me uh for example uh my big goal for
last year was
um I will end passive social media
consumption
and my
measure of that goal how did I measure
it was
um I won't read comments or responses
on certain platforms and then I had a
daily process to get there and I will
copy and paste that which was
uh here
at the beginning of each day I set up
blocks of time to give me something to
do at specific time so I had to schedule
better so I wouldn't sit on Twitter and
that sort of thing I also set a 30
minute maximum on a browser add-on
extension called stay focused so the
websites would physically not allow me
to be there and I actually accomplished
this goal um I just sucked it took me
about half the year but I did accomplish
it where I just do not passively consume
social media and I don't read comments
generally unless they're kind of like
sent to me by somebody so that has been
a huge increase in my personal happiness
and let's talk real quick I should have
put this at the beginning of the video
but now it's here we need to talk about
objective goal setting so before we
actually get into any of the other
categories I do want to talk about
objective goal setting and how to
actually set these goals
um objective goal setting is probably
the key to if you learn anything from
this talk or you like getting anything
from this this is probably it so
objective goal setting means you set a
goal in a way that is measurable
trackable and achievable
and that means um here's the classic
example that I usually use for this
let's say your goal is um you want to
lose weight so you're going to write I
want to lose weight
this is a terrible goal it has no
objective metrics it has no way to to
track if it's being success if you can
succeed or fail there's a subjective way
of Define it it's just bad so what's
improved on this goal and let's say I
want to lose 20 pounds that's better
right but we still we at least have a
metric or a pass or fail most people
that can't get past this category they
don't really want to set goals it's like
90 of people they just want to have
something feel good get the dopamine hit
of writing something down like this and
then move on and never do it so if you
even get to this stage you're good but
also I want to lose 20 pounds in six
months
now you have a time window you have a
sense of urgency but I like New Year's
resolutions because they set everything
to at least a year but we can also set
goals in here as uh that are that are
more constraining if we want uh goals I
want to lose 20 pounds total in six
months
um I will achieve this by
and then we can discuss like let's say
play in your favorite sport three times
a week strength training things like
that so the more objective and the more
specific you make your goals the more
accomplishable they will be
your this this sort of framework needs
to exist in every single thing that you
do so for something like passive media
social media consumption is very simple
I'm either reading social media or I'm
not if I read comments or responses I've
failed if I don't read comments and
responses I have not failed and here are
the exact daily process I'm going to do
to get there so now you understand that
we can keep going and we're going to use
that framework throughout the entire
thing uh the next one is optional if you
have a relationship or not you may not
want one you may want one you might be
in one and want to do better which is my
case so I'll be coming from there uh you
structure these goals for like let's say
this is the year that you want to have a
committed relationship well then you're
going to structure your goal that way
for me though I'm in a committed
relationship I've been in a long-term
committed relationship and I intend to
make that worship better so here are
some examples of what I might use my my
big goal for this might be one large
event which I might Define as like a
three plus day uh Excursion uh requiring
a flight or X hours travel time and that
is a really objective goal right super
easy to measure I might even say the
month range of it so I haven't set these
goals yet I'm just like trying to give
examples
um and then I might also have like a
more subjective Global with more
measurable things so like improve
communication and then that's a really
General goal so we have to really Define
that so like the MTG might or the daily
process might be like 15 minute
conversation uh check-in after dinner
right
every day and if I wanted to write a
better goal in this I might say simp
something like okay improved
communication what does that mean it
means like a free-ranging conversation
um ability to discuss problems right you
want to get like into all this stuff and
your objective statement should be
really clear by the end of it
uh let's go to professional for your
company or projects so this is going to
be whatever you are working on
as either your main project or your main
um like company or like your kind of
side hustle or whatever you got going
maybe it's your job this is different
from financial goals which we'll get to
in a bit so there could be all kinds of
things in here um from like a from an
owning a company perspective you might
be looking for Roi our profits you might
be looking to hire ex-employees this
year you might be looking to diversify
like build another vertical or division
somewhere you might be looking to expand
your market right share or you might be
looking to like retain customers or
satisfaction with all of these kind of
having daily goals that you can break
down a lot of those for like c-level
people are going to be like focusing X
minutes a day on this particular topic
right and just like storyboarding that
out or having like all hands meetings
about those topics and that's
professional company or project Health
um is one that I probably should have
put
uh like like earlier because it's one
that a lot of people get wrong
so you need a really good health goal to
reach my favorite health goals are
either x times visiting a fitness class
per week x times workouts
per week and a a big
um body fat percentage goal which could
be measured by a dexa scan or calipers
or any number of things just use the
same consistent measurement whatever you
do
body fat percentage is a really
objective metric it's super easy to
track and it's easier than like yo-yoing
like I wouldn't say I want to go on a
diet this year I would say like I want
to reach 15 to 17 body fat for example
or like 20 body fat and then write out
your daily processes in such a way that
will get you to that goal so for example
my 2023 goal is going to be 15 body fat
I'm getting there by doing strength
training on Monday Wednesday Friday and
I have a specific routine set up for
that and then on Tuesday Thursday Sunday
I'm going to be doing hot yoga and I
think that will get me there and I have
so I've built out that kind of whole
plan and I I'm kind of like planning for
that
um and I could even like post I wasn't
planning to do this but I could just
easily post exactly what I'm doing uh
there's no reason not to I guess just to
kind of show you like how specific I get
with my own goals
um
so let's see where that is
because I want to make sure that it's
good okay so
here is like my schedule that I said for
physical health so there is workout a
workout B and then I Define my workouts
by uh these exercises
uh exact sets and everything so
obviously you don't want to follow this
this is just like my own stuff because
it works well for me so I have a lot of
like personal investment in this I'm not
necessarily recommending this to other
people but this is what I do and I
believe this come by with hot yoga
training will get me to 15 body fat in a
year I actually have started doing this
like three months or four or five months
ago so I've already like really but I
don't really believe in setting New
Year's resolutions which is funny
because I'm making this video but like
if you're gonna set goals you should set
them sometimes this is a good time to do
it I I just set goals and go
um and I do have yearly General goals
but I will usually set those like
mid-year or something like that like
whenever I'm kind of done with like my
current goals and I've accomplished them
I don't go on like a like a I make sure
it's like within a different time frame
like my body fat percentage is gonna I
think I'm gonna land like somewhere in
the middle of this year a little bit
before to try to get to that goal body
fat percentage so this is a really good
way to do it and it kind of shows you
how objective you can get with like your
goals like this is like a way that I
would set up any goal and it's a very
specific and I'm super confident that
I'm going to accomplish it
if you can get people invested in your
goals working with you so like you have
somebody to go to those hot yoga
workouts every time that's like another
really good way to
um ensure that you're gonna do those
goals financial goals so financial goals
are either go they're really simple
they're either going to be making us
make this amount of money per month make
this amount of money per month passively
or increase your net worth by either X
or X percent
of your current now I think those are
the only real financial goals that make
sense um I guess I'll add in their lower
expenses because that's another way of
making more and then the hardest part of
financial goal is just figuring out how
you're going to do it so you might have
like a like a medium-term goal of like
selling X like product on this on X like
online store
right or you might have a goal of like
um let's see like dividend stocks
investing and making passive income off
that content creation which most of you
are doing already a store right any kind
of number of those things determining
what you may want to do and then setting
a realistic goal I would say like within
20 to 40 percent of your current goals
so if you make five thousand dollars a
month you know making 7 500 by the end
of the year is a great goal for example
considering that the average raise at a
job is six percent right that if you can
do 20 to 40 percent you're crushing it
um and and that's something that a lot
of people make a mistake with with
financial goals is like they'll try to
set a goal that is like to double or
triple or quadruple quintuple their
money and that is just like likely not
going to happen if you set your goals to
moonshot you will generally not
accomplish them because they'll just
seem unattainable and you won't do the
daily work to get there that's the
really important thing is like remember
like all these General goals they all
happen over a year of time but the
actual work that goes into those goals
happening is all done on a daily basis
so your daily process might be like
spending at least 30 to 45 minutes of
qualified dedicated time building a
product or doing let's say you did like
two videos a week now you're gonna do
three videos a week plus like two
YouTube shorts okay
um those are the daily activities that
need to happen to make your goal happen
so those are the most important like the
going back to the health and fitness one
which is the one I just happen to have
the most built out this these are daily
goals right what's really going to
accomplish this goal of getting to that
body fat percentage is going to be these
classes that I like I love Fitness
classes and anything you could do that
kind of like binds you to a schedule
with other people's expectation because
it makes you go there
um gyms are a lot harder for me so I
actually had to build like my own gym at
my office just so that I could do
workout maybe an A and B otherwise it
just would have been too hard for me so
as much as you can actually like build
out the daily process you should spend a
lot of time doing that for each one of
these goals
and then finally mental and spiritual
there are a lot of goals here
I generally think that people are not
enough are not spiritual enough we've
kind of lost the age of spirituality and
so I usually do things that bring me
closer to my Buddhist type stuff that I
do that um that I don't talk about that
much but there are some other like real
objective ones if you're not like into
that kind of thing where you could just
read so I love read 12 books a year is a
really great way to start out reading
one book a month is super easy and if
you're reading and I'd say 12
non-fiction books
and then your MTG is going to be like
one book a month and then your daily
process is going to be you know 30 40
pages a day or like 20 Pages a day you
don't even need that
30 40 pages get you like two books
nonfiction I wouldn't go above 24.
reading two books a month is actually a
lot I was surprised by that but that was
the goal I set
uh last year and I ended up passing it
but man it took a lot of time
um it gets it goes fast if you do
audiobooks but yeah think about where
you would be 12 months sorry 12 books
ahead of where you are now non-fiction
in like a category that you really want
to understand you'll just be insanely
ahead and 24 like you'll be like god
tier ahead of like anybody else
especially if you take good notes and
you really focus on learning those books
which should be part of your like goal
specifications on other options for this
category are like meditation or
um uh prayer for some people or things
like that a really good meditation for
like 15 minutes a day you can use an app
to track white calm that's what I do so
I track like a 10 to 15 minute
meditation every single day and I use
calm to track it
um and then I just like have a I just
know that I'm doing it and I have a
specific time that I do it I do it right
when I get to the office which is six
days a week and then after I take a
shower on Sundays when I usually don't
work so I I just make sure that I attach
that to an actual time so that I know
that I can actually accomplish these
things
so the most important part of getting
all these goals set up are going to be
the daily processes that you set and the
daily processes have to be something
that can be achievable an X number of
minutes a day it has to be something
that you can do on a routine like at a
reasonable time you can like sit down
like not get distracted do anything else
and really focus on what that goal is
going to be these are usually the
easiest with like
personal stuff mental spiritual stuff
like reading 10 pages a day right before
you go to bed super easy or 10 pages a
day like Brett when you wake up that's
like a really good one they're harder to
do for financial and Company goals so if
people are interested I'll make a
separate video about some of those
things but generally speaking I think
most people are kind of dialed into what
they know what they need to do so from
here it's just a matter of like really
breaking down The Daily processes and
and for most people eliminating the
distractions that was my big focus in
2022 was to do high quality flow work
and to do that I had to eliminate a lot
of distractions I had eliminate a lot of
um phone stuff I had to eliminate a lot
of browser stuff most important to that
was eliminating social media so if you
spend a ton of time on social media look
at one of my past videos one of the most
important videos I've ever made on 80 20
analysis which is search Devon Dash 80
20 on YouTube or even here on patreon
I've done some work on it if you are
going to get any kind of real work done
you have to eliminate distractions that
sh if you haven't gone through that
mental process that should be your
mental big or your personal big uh to
it's like basically track how many hours
you're spending on social media on tick
tock on Twitter or whatever it is like
whatever your poison is and then really
put in the work to get rid of that and
figure that out okay so that is how you
actually set real accomplishable goals
for 2023 you get one per category so you
really got to think about it and choose
it
um if anybody is interested in sharing
their goals with me I would love to see
them and comment on them you can do that
in the supporter chat on Discord or The
Mastermind chat on Discord and I'd love
to
um kind of help you make those goals
objective I will respond to the ones I
get we used to do these live on
broadcasts and it was really fun so I'd
love to help anybody that wants to do
this and I wish you luck in setting your
goals and accomplishing them for 2023
thanks everybody bye
